GLABEL.session-details-0,GLABEL.time-0,GLABEL.session-description-0,GLABEL.speaker-name-0,GLABEL.speaker-bio-0,TITLE

SESSION_DETAILS:101 Making Virtual Learning Relevant: Using Scenarios in the Virtual Classroom!------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Instructional Design----------Montego A------------Adult learning principles state that adults learn best when content--is relevant. So why do most virtual classroom lessons rely on lectures and slides?--One of the most effective ways to ensure learning sticks is by getting learners--involved, and scenario-based learning design does just that. Join this session to--discover ideas for producing appropriate scenarios that resonate with your learners--in the virtual classroom.--You only have so much time to dedicate to formal learning,--so every moment needs to be impactful and relevant. Unfortunately, virtual classroom--sessions tend to focus on getting as much content out there as possible and then--leave it up to the learners to figure out how to make it all work. This session--will explore how to design three types of scenario-based activities in the virtual--classroom: problem-based learning, predictive learning, and play-based learning.--You’ll leave with detailed examples of each, and a template to walk you through--seven steps for constructing scenarios in your virtual classroom design.--In this session, you will--learn:----The role of scenario-based learning in modern workplace--learning--How scenario-based learning supports adult learning--theory--Techniques for implementing three types of scenario-based--learning in the virtual classroom--Seven steps for constructing scenarios----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Virtual classrooms.------------Jennifer Hofmann--Founder and President InSync Training--Jennifer Hofmann, the founder and president of InSync Training, is a virtual classroom and blended learning pioneer. Her entirely virtual consulting firm specializes in the design and delivery of engaging, innovative, and effective modern blended learning. Jennifer has written and contributed to a number of books, including The Synchronous Trainer’s Survival Guide: Facilitating Successful Live and Online Courses, Meetings, and Events; Live and Online! Tips, Techniques, and Ready-to-Use Activities for the Virtual Classroom; and Tailored Learning: Designing the Blend That Fits, with Nanette Miner. Her latest book, Blended Learning, introduces a new instructional design model that addresses the needs of the modern workplace and modern learners. Jennifer frequently presents in-person and online for leading learning organizations. ------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Adult learning principles state that adults learn best when content--is relevant. So why do most virtual classroom lessons rely on lectures and slides?--One of the most effective ways to ensure learning sticks is by getting learners--involved, and scenario-based learning design does just that. Join this session to--discover ideas for producing appropriate scenarios that resonate with your learners--in the virtual classroom.--You only have so much time to dedicate to formal learning,--so every moment needs to be impactful and relevant. Unfortunately, virtual classroom--sessions tend to focus on getting as much content out there as possible and then--leave it up to the learners to figure out how to make it all work. This session--will explore how to design three types of scenario-based activities in the virtual--classroom: problem-based learning, predictive learning, and play-based learning.--You’ll leave with detailed examples of each, and a template to walk you through--seven steps for constructing scenarios in your virtual classroom design.--In this session, you will--learn:----The role of scenario-based learning in modern workplace--learning--How scenario-based learning supports adult learning--theory--Techniques for implementing three types of scenario-based--learning in the virtual classroom--Seven steps for constructing scenarios----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Virtual classrooms.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jennifer Hofmann--Founder and President InSync Training

SPEAKER_BIO:Jennifer Hofmann, the founder and president of InSync Training, is a virtual classroom and blended learning pioneer. Her entirely virtual consulting firm specializes in the design and delivery of engaging, innovative, and effective modern blended learning. Jennifer has written and contributed to a number of books, including The Synchronous Trainer’s Survival Guide: Facilitating Successful Live and Online Courses, Meetings, and Events; Live and Online! Tips, Techniques, and Ready-to-Use Activities for the Virtual Classroom; and Tailored Learning: Designing the Blend That Fits, with Nanette Miner. Her latest book, Blended Learning, introduces a new instructional design model that addresses the needs of the modern workplace and modern learners. Jennifer frequently presents in-person and online for leading learning organizations. ",Making Virtual Learning Relevant: Using Scenarios in the Virtual Classroom! - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:103 Transforming Boring Content into Engaging Microlearning ------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Instructional Design----------Bermuda AB------------Imagine your worst eLearning nightmare, a dry compliance course.--Boring! Is it a talking PowerPoint with a next button and a quiz at the end?--Extra boring! Unfortunately, simply chopping a boring course into bite-sized--modules doesn’t make it any better. But most struggle to break the cycle--because they don’t know how to. How do you make a boring topic fun? Where do--you even start?--In this case study session, you will explore how Welk Resorts--revolutionized their cybersecurity training into a series of microlearning--modules that sparked interest and engagement company-wide. You will discover--how the team was able to cut out unnecessary content by adopting outcome-driven--design and present information through games, videos, and short interactions to--create “purposeful fun.” You will also learn how to think beyond the module and--leverage quizzes, surveys, and reflections in your learning strategy. Lastly,--you will be able to apply these strategies and transform any boring content--into meaningful microlearning that drives excitement, engagement, and--retention.--In--this session, you will learn:----What data to gather to drive your--microlearning strategy--How to effectively dissect boring content--into meaningful microlearning modules--How to incorporate games, videos, and--interactions to create “purposeful fun”--How to reinforce post-module learning--through quizzes, surveys, and reflections----Audience:----Designers and developers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--Articulate Storyline 3, Snagit, learning--management systems.------------Sharon Lo--Corporate Digital Learning Manager Welk Resorts--Sharon Lo is the corporate digital learning manager at Welk Resorts, --where she leads the digital learning strategy of the organization. Day---to-day, Sharon designs and develops immersive learning experiences --on topics including new hire, compliance, product, software, and --management training. Her aim is to bridge the worlds of science and --learning by designing “purposeful fun” that educates, motivates, and --engages. Sharon holds BS and BA degrees in neurobiology and --psychology from the University of Washington.------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Imagine your worst eLearning nightmare, a dry compliance course.--Boring! Is it a talking PowerPoint with a next button and a quiz at the end?--Extra boring! Unfortunately, simply chopping a boring course into bite-sized--modules doesn’t make it any better. But most struggle to break the cycle--because they don’t know how to. How do you make a boring topic fun? Where do--you even start?--In this case study session, you will explore how Welk Resorts--revolutionized their cybersecurity training into a series of microlearning--modules that sparked interest and engagement company-wide. You will discover--how the team was able to cut out unnecessary content by adopting outcome-driven--design and present information through games, videos, and short interactions to--create “purposeful fun.” You will also learn how to think beyond the module and--leverage quizzes, surveys, and reflections in your learning strategy. Lastly,--you will be able to apply these strategies and transform any boring content--into meaningful microlearning that drives excitement, engagement, and--retention.--In--this session, you will learn:----What data to gather to drive your--microlearning strategy--How to effectively dissect boring content--into meaningful microlearning modules--How to incorporate games, videos, and--interactions to create “purposeful fun”--How to reinforce post-module learning--through quizzes, surveys, and reflections----Audience:----Designers and developers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--Articulate Storyline 3, Snagit, learning--management systems.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Sharon Lo--Corporate Digital Learning Manager Welk Resorts

SPEAKER_BIO:Sharon Lo is the corporate digital learning manager at Welk Resorts, --where she leads the digital learning strategy of the organization. Day---to-day, Sharon designs and develops immersive learning experiences --on topics including new hire, compliance, product, software, and --management training. Her aim is to bridge the worlds of science and --learning by designing “purposeful fun” that educates, motivates, and --engages. Sharon holds BS and BA degrees in neurobiology and --psychology from the University of Washington.",Transforming Boring Content into Engaging Microlearning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:104 How to Effectively Write an eLearning RFP------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Management and Strategy----------Montego C------------Too often when you’re rushed or don’t have time, you may put--your next project out to bid without including the critical information to help--your outside resources provide an accurate estimate for what is actually needed.--This may lead to misunderstandings, changes in scope, and higher costs.--In this session, you will gain a framework and explore what critical--information your outside partners need in order to understand and provide accurate--estimates. You will learn how to phrase the challenge, what information is needed,--and how to use a starter template to ensure a jump-start on your next project.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to identify what is needed--How to analyze your audience and define the need--What to ask your audience--What to ask your stakeholders--How to format and provide a document to your teams--to create accurate estimates----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).------------Nick Floro--Learning Architect & CEO Sealworks Interactive Studios--Nick Floro is the president of Sealworks Interactive Studios. Nick has over 25 --years of experience developing eLearning solutions, applications, and web --platforms. He has worked with numerous Fortune 500 companies to help --them understand the technology and develop innovative solutions to help --their teams and customer base. Nick has won several awards from Apple and --Fortune 500 organizations for productions and services. He is passionate --about how design and technology can enhance learning and loves to share his --knowledge and experience to teach, inspire, and motivate participants.------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Too often when you’re rushed or don’t have time, you may put--your next project out to bid without including the critical information to help--your outside resources provide an accurate estimate for what is actually needed.--This may lead to misunderstandings, changes in scope, and higher costs.--In this session, you will gain a framework and explore what critical--information your outside partners need in order to understand and provide accurate--estimates. You will learn how to phrase the challenge, what information is needed,--and how to use a starter template to ensure a jump-start on your next project.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to identify what is needed--How to analyze your audience and define the need--What to ask your audience--What to ask your stakeholders--How to format and provide a document to your teams--to create accurate estimates----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Nick Floro--Learning Architect & CEO Sealworks Interactive Studios

SPEAKER_BIO:Nick Floro is the president of Sealworks Interactive Studios. Nick has over 25 --years of experience developing eLearning solutions, applications, and web --platforms. He has worked with numerous Fortune 500 companies to help --them understand the technology and develop innovative solutions to help --their teams and customer base. Nick has won several awards from Apple and --Fortune 500 organizations for productions and services. He is passionate --about how design and technology can enhance learning and loves to share his --knowledge and experience to teach, inspire, and motivate participants.",How to Effectively Write an eLearning RFP - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:213 2018 Trends: What the Research Says About Learning Styles, Learning Platforms, and Blended Learning------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Management and Strategy----------Montego A------------In this session, The eLearning Guild’s director of research, Jane Bozarth, along with writers of recent research, reviews the Guild’s most recent reports on learning styles, learning platforms, and blended learning. We’ll look at what’s happening—or not happening—industry-wide, with an emphasis on what works, such as what factors support success and what content lends itself best to particular approaches.--This review of research is designed to familiarize you with what’s happening in the field and to help you find ways to be successful with approaches you’re considering, or that you’re already using and would like to enhance. You’ll leave with practical, evidence-based advice to help you engage in conversations and apply new ideas back at work.--In this session, you will learn:----What practical insights you can gain from current research into learning styles, learning platforms, and blended learning--State-of-the-industry practices in these areas--Benefits and barriers facing practitioners--Solutions to common challenges----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.------------------Jennifer Hofmann--Founder and President InSync Training--Jennifer Hofmann, the founder and president of InSync Training, is a virtual classroom and blended learning pioneer. Her entirely virtual consulting firm specializes in the design and delivery of engaging, innovative, and effective modern blended learning. Jennifer has written and contributed to a number of books, including The Synchronous Trainer’s Survival Guide: Facilitating Successful Live and Online Courses, Meetings, and Events; Live and Online! Tips, Techniques, and Ready-to-Use Activities for the Virtual Classroom; and Tailored Learning: Designing the Blend That Fits, with Nanette Miner. Her latest book, Blended Learning, introduces a new instructional design model that addresses the needs of the modern workplace and modern learners. Jennifer frequently presents in-person and online for leading learning organizations. ------------------Steve Foreman--President InfoMedia Designs--Steve Foreman is the author of The LMS Guidebook and president of InfoMedia Designs, a provider of eLearning infrastructure consulting services and technology solutions to large companies, academic institutions, professional associations, government, and military. Steve works with forward-looking organizations to find new and effective ways to apply computer technology to support human performance. His work includes enterprise learning strategy, learning and performance ecosystem solutions, LMS selection and implementation, learning-technology architecture and integration, expert-knowledge harvesting, knowledge management, and innovative performance-centered solutions that blend working and learning.----------------------Jane Bozarth--Director of Research The eLearning Guild--Jane Bozarth, the director of research for The eLearning Guild, is a veteran classroom trainer who transitioned to eLearning in the late 1990s and has never looked back. In her previous job as leader of the State of North Carolina’s award-winning eLearning program, Jane specialized in finding low-cost ways of providing online training solutions. She is the author of several books, including eLearning Solutions on a Shoestring, Social Media for Trainers, and Show Your Work: The Payoffs and How-To's of Working Out Loud. Jane holds a doctorate in training and development and was awarded the Guild Master Award in 2013 for her accomplishments and contributions to the eLearning community.------------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:In this session, The eLearning Guild’s director of research, Jane Bozarth, along with writers of recent research, reviews the Guild’s most recent reports on learning styles, learning platforms, and blended learning. We’ll look at what’s happening—or not happening—industry-wide, with an emphasis on what works, such as what factors support success and what content lends itself best to particular approaches.--This review of research is designed to familiarize you with what’s happening in the field and to help you find ways to be successful with approaches you’re considering, or that you’re already using and would like to enhance. You’ll leave with practical, evidence-based advice to help you engage in conversations and apply new ideas back at work.--In this session, you will learn:----What practical insights you can gain from current research into learning styles, learning platforms, and blended learning--State-of-the-industry practices in these areas--Benefits and barriers facing practitioners--Solutions to common challenges----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jane Bozarth--Director of Research The eLearning Guild

SPEAKER_BIO:Jane Bozarth, the director of research for The eLearning Guild, is a veteran classroom trainer who transitioned to eLearning in the late 1990s and has never looked back. In her previous job as leader of the State of North Carolina’s award-winning eLearning program, Jane specialized in finding low-cost ways of providing online training solutions. She is the author of several books, including eLearning Solutions on a Shoestring, Social Media for Trainers, and Show Your Work: The Payoffs and How-To's of Working Out Loud. Jane holds a doctorate in training and development and was awarded the Guild Master Award in 2013 for her accomplishments and contributions to the eLearning community."
2018 Trends: What the Research Says About Learning Styles, Learning Platforms, and Blended Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:105 The New Role Your Company Needs: Digital Adoption Manager------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Management and Strategy----------Andros AB------------Technology is advancing faster than humans can keep pace. Organizations--are investing in hundreds of technologies to transform their business, leaving employees--overwhelmed and unengaged. Despite heavy investment in training solutions to bridge--the gap, the cost to produce these materials is high, speed to market is low, and--the impact is suboptimal. Learning practitioners passionate about effective digital--adoption can seize this challenge to elevate into a new role.--This session will explore the concept of a new role in the learning--practitioner and digital transformation space: the digital adoption manager.--You will learn about the importance of supporting this shift through effective change--management. You’ll learn how this change takes more than training to support product--adoption and generate substantial business outcomes like saved time, reduced costs,--and better agility. You’ll learn how individuals who understand the magnitude of--digital adoption for the business have an incredible opportunity to move forward--as leaders and innovators within their organizations to tackle this challenge.--In this session, you will--learn:----The business implications of digital transformation—from--the financial impact to the human impact—and why an effective digital adoption strategy--can be the difference between success and failure--The roles and responsibilities of a digital adoption--strategist, what skill sets are needed, and how you can get started today--How to calculate the ROI of a digital adoption strategy--within an organization--Strategies on how to communicate the need, champion--the digital adoption initiative, and secure stakeholders and support within your--company----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).------------------Brittany Rolfe--VP Customer Engagement WalkMe--Brittany Rolfe, vice president of customer engagement at WalkMe, is a thought leader in the digital transformation and product adoption space. In her role, she connects with hundreds of executives to understand their digital transformation goals, identify the challenges in achieving them, and the trend towards digital adoption strategy to overcome them. She is actively helping CXOs define the digital adoption strategist role and recruit top talent. Her previous experience working in customer success, as well as enablement and training, gives her perspective on the different strategies for enterprise organizations and their associated benefits and risks.--------------------Patty Viajar--Senior Integrated Experience Designer Edmentum--Patty Viajar is the senior integrated experience designer at Edmentum. Patty has over 15 years’ experience in the learning and performance field and has led global training and eLearning initiatives. At Edmentum, Patty has fused her passions for learning and technology by implementing an in-product support strategy to enhance Edmentum’s customer experience. Through a partnership with WalkMe, she has woven an instructional design approach into the microlearning resources that aid educators and students in meeting their instructional and learning goals. Patty holds a PhD in education, specializing in training and performance.------------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Technology is advancing faster than humans can keep pace. Organizations--are investing in hundreds of technologies to transform their business, leaving employees--overwhelmed and unengaged. Despite heavy investment in training solutions to bridge--the gap, the cost to produce these materials is high, speed to market is low, and--the impact is suboptimal. Learning practitioners passionate about effective digital--adoption can seize this challenge to elevate into a new role.--This session will explore the concept of a new role in the learning--practitioner and digital transformation space: the digital adoption manager.--You will learn about the importance of supporting this shift through effective change--management. You’ll learn how this change takes more than training to support product--adoption and generate substantial business outcomes like saved time, reduced costs,--and better agility. You’ll learn how individuals who understand the magnitude of--digital adoption for the business have an incredible opportunity to move forward--as leaders and innovators within their organizations to tackle this challenge.--In this session, you will--learn:----The business implications of digital transformation—from--the financial impact to the human impact—and why an effective digital adoption strategy--can be the difference between success and failure--The roles and responsibilities of a digital adoption--strategist, what skill sets are needed, and how you can get started today--How to calculate the ROI of a digital adoption strategy--within an organization--Strategies on how to communicate the need, champion--the digital adoption initiative, and secure stakeholders and support within your--company----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Patty Viajar--Senior Integrated Experience Designer Edmentum

SPEAKER_BIO:Patty Viajar is the senior integrated experience designer at Edmentum. Patty has over 15 years’ experience in the learning and performance field and has led global training and eLearning initiatives. At Edmentum, Patty has fused her passions for learning and technology by implementing an in-product support strategy to enhance Edmentum’s customer experience. Through a partnership with WalkMe, she has woven an instructional design approach into the microlearning resources that aid educators and students in meeting their instructional and learning goals. Patty holds a PhD in education, specializing in training and performance.",The New Role Your Company Needs: Digital Adoption Manager - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:106 Investigating Performance: Using Your Data Effectively------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Data and Measurement----------Montego DE------------Access to learning-related data has grown dramatically over recent--years. But just because you have a large volume of data doesn’t mean it necessarily--provides value. While tools like xAPI make it increasingly easy to acquire data--about learners’ activities, this information provides little benefit if you don’t--know how to design to acquire meaningful data, interpret that data, or improve your--learning design based on what you’ve discovered.--In this session, you’ll dive deep into how data should shape--your learning systems design, including exploring the basic principles of how to--use data effectively and how to design to provide meaningful feedback. To do this,--you’ll look at outside inspiration from fields that are already doing this well:--user experience design (UXD), web analytics, and business intelligence. You’ll also--uncover some of the pitfalls of data collection and analysis, discuss using both--qualitative and quantitative data, and address the difficulties inherent in finding--valid measurements of learning.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to use your data and analytics to improve course--design--How to design to gather meaningful data--How to define your learning data needs based on business--and learning objectives--Lessons, from fields like business intelligence and--web analytics, about how to apply data principles to learning design--Data analysis lessons from fields including business--intelligence and web analytics----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Experience API (xAPI).------------------Sean Putman--Partner Learning Ninjas--Sean Putman, a partner in Learning Ninjas, has been an instructor, instructional designer, and developer for over 15 years. He has spent his career designing and developing training programs, both instructor-led and online, for many different industries, but he has had a strong focus on creating material for software companies. Sean has spent the last few years focusing on the use and deployment of the Experience API (xAPI) and its effect on learning interventions. He has spoken at industry conferences on the subject and is co-author of Investigating Performance, a book on using the Experience API and analytics to improve performance.------------------Janet Laane Effron--Data Scientist HT2--Janet Laane Effron is a data scientist at HT2, an award-winning innovator in learning technology, where she develops learning analytics models to support improved design and performance. She has worked on xAPI design projects related to designing for performance outcomes and designing both for and in response to data and analytics. Janet’s areas of interest include text analytics, machine learning, and process improvement. She is also the co-author of Investigating Performance: Design and Outcomes with xAPI.------------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Access to learning-related data has grown dramatically over recent--years. But just because you have a large volume of data doesn’t mean it necessarily--provides value. While tools like xAPI make it increasingly easy to acquire data--about learners’ activities, this information provides little benefit if you don’t--know how to design to acquire meaningful data, interpret that data, or improve your--learning design based on what you’ve discovered.--In this session, you’ll dive deep into how data should shape--your learning systems design, including exploring the basic principles of how to--use data effectively and how to design to provide meaningful feedback. To do this,--you’ll look at outside inspiration from fields that are already doing this well:--user experience design (UXD), web analytics, and business intelligence. You’ll also--uncover some of the pitfalls of data collection and analysis, discuss using both--qualitative and quantitative data, and address the difficulties inherent in finding--valid measurements of learning.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to use your data and analytics to improve course--design--How to design to gather meaningful data--How to define your learning data needs based on business--and learning objectives--Lessons, from fields like business intelligence and--web analytics, about how to apply data principles to learning design--Data analysis lessons from fields including business--intelligence and web analytics----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Experience API (xAPI).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Janet Laane Effron--Data Scientist HT2

SPEAKER_BIO:Janet Laane Effron is a data scientist at HT2, an award-winning innovator in learning technology, where she develops learning analytics models to support improved design and performance. She has worked on xAPI design projects related to designing for performance outcomes and designing both for and in response to data and analytics. Janet’s areas of interest include text analytics, machine learning, and process improvement. She is also the co-author of Investigating Performance: Design and Outcomes with xAPI.",Investigating Performance: Using Your Data Effectively - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:107 Learning Games: Aligning Game Elements and Learning Objectives------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Games and Gamification----------Jamaica AB------------When designing learning games, there is a tendency to overcomplicate--gameplay and overshadow the learning objectives. Designers often focus on complex--rules of play, convoluted UX, and using too many game mechanic elements. One L&D--team was tasked to create two engaging games for new-hire orientation. Where do--they start, what are the learning objectives, and how can game mechanics align with--learning objectives?--This session will explore the creative process used in creating--two types of gamified activities for a new-hire orientation. It will cover several--game mechanic elements, such as points, leaderboards, narratives, discovery, challenge,--and progression. Throughout the session, you will learn the process behind identifying--the learning objectives and aligning the game mechanics to complement each objective.--In the end, you’ll see how all of these elements combine to create a simple, engaging,--and functional game used in onboarding sessions. The end product combines both digital--and analog game components.--In this session, you will--learn:----Basic game mechanic elements--About aligning game mechanics to learning objectives--About resources used to create the final playable--product--About combining AR into analog game play----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--HP Reveal (AR) and 3-D printing. ------------------Keith Sensing--Training Specialist American Homes 4 Rent--Keith Sensing is a training specialist at American Homes 4 Rent. He --has been involved in multimedia design and the --education industry for over 20 years. Keith has developed eLearning --and multimedia and lectured for organizations including SAE Institute, --the International Academy of Film and Television, the Audio --Engineering Society, and Learning A-Z.------------------Reggie Jose--Training Specialist American Homes 4 Rent--Reggie Jose, a training specialist with American Homes 4 Rent, is an instructional and learning developer with a decade of training experience. He has worked alongside such companies as 5-hour Energy and MGM Resorts and also runs a small 3-D printing company with his wife. Reggie's work has run the gamut from eLearning and curriculum design to video game design and development, from 3-D modeling and printing to playwriting and stage performance. Reggie holds a BS in psychology and theatre from Fairmont State University and a Recording Engineer Certification from Recording Workshop.------------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:When designing learning games, there is a tendency to overcomplicate--gameplay and overshadow the learning objectives. Designers often focus on complex--rules of play, convoluted UX, and using too many game mechanic elements. One L&D--team was tasked to create two engaging games for new-hire orientation. Where do--they start, what are the learning objectives, and how can game mechanics align with--learning objectives?--This session will explore the creative process used in creating--two types of gamified activities for a new-hire orientation. It will cover several--game mechanic elements, such as points, leaderboards, narratives, discovery, challenge,--and progression. Throughout the session, you will learn the process behind identifying--the learning objectives and aligning the game mechanics to complement each objective.--In the end, you’ll see how all of these elements combine to create a simple, engaging,--and functional game used in onboarding sessions. The end product combines both digital--and analog game components.--In this session, you will--learn:----Basic game mechanic elements--About aligning game mechanics to learning objectives--About resources used to create the final playable--product--About combining AR into analog game play----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--HP Reveal (AR) and 3-D printing. ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Reggie Jose--Training Specialist American Homes 4 Rent

SPEAKER_BIO:Reggie Jose, a training specialist with American Homes 4 Rent, is an instructional and learning developer with a decade of training experience. He has worked alongside such companies as 5-hour Energy and MGM Resorts and also runs a small 3-D printing company with his wife. Reggie's work has run the gamut from eLearning and curriculum design to video game design and development, from 3-D modeling and printing to playwriting and stage performance. Reggie holds a BS in psychology and theatre from Fairmont State University and a Recording Engineer Certification from Recording Workshop.",Learning Games: Aligning Game Elements and Learning Objectives - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:108 Learner as Creator: A New Path to ROI------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Instructional Design----------Antigua A------------According to Time magazine,--leaders at IBM and other large technology firms project that the future of the digital--revolution will be about both social networks and knowledge: “The next phase is--not about the network alone, but also about knowledge.” If you believe that this--projection is accurate, what role will L&D play? Are there approaches or solutions--you can use now to support this ongoing transformation?--There is no doubt that intellectual property—internal knowledge—is--an asset that has strategic value. This session will explore how enabling the learner--to be a creator of and key contributor to training material allows you to first--surface and then scale the best of your organization’s insights. In this way, “collective--intelligence” becomes tangible and actionable, helping you to make better decisions--and operate more effectively. In this way, the connection between L&D and the--success of the business is undeniable.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to evaluate the value of user-generated content--as learning material--About the functionality of OOTB solutions that enable--learning professionals and front-line team members to collaborate--About ways that different organizations are incorporating--informal learning into their development opportunities--About opportunities to use existing tool sets and--resources to change the nature of your learning material----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Microsoft Office 365, Jive, and SmarterPath.------------Stan Jeffress--Sr. Learning Consultant Pokeshot--Stan Jeffress is a senior learning consultant at Pokeshot. With more than 15 --years’ experience in the learning and development field, Stan has worked in --various roles such as LMS administrator, project manager, consultant, and --instructor. He also used this experience to work as a freelancer before joining --Pokeshot. Stan’s role includes assisting clients with social learning strategy --development, managing SmarterPath integrations, providing sales support, --and contributing to product innovation.------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:According to Time magazine,--leaders at IBM and other large technology firms project that the future of the digital--revolution will be about both social networks and knowledge: “The next phase is--not about the network alone, but also about knowledge.” If you believe that this--projection is accurate, what role will L&D play? Are there approaches or solutions--you can use now to support this ongoing transformation?--There is no doubt that intellectual property—internal knowledge—is--an asset that has strategic value. This session will explore how enabling the learner--to be a creator of and key contributor to training material allows you to first--surface and then scale the best of your organization’s insights. In this way, “collective--intelligence” becomes tangible and actionable, helping you to make better decisions--and operate more effectively. In this way, the connection between L&D and the--success of the business is undeniable.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to evaluate the value of user-generated content--as learning material--About the functionality of OOTB solutions that enable--learning professionals and front-line team members to collaborate--About ways that different organizations are incorporating--informal learning into their development opportunities--About opportunities to use existing tool sets and--resources to change the nature of your learning material----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Microsoft Office 365, Jive, and SmarterPath.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Stan Jeffress--Sr. Learning Consultant Pokeshot

SPEAKER_BIO:Stan Jeffress is a senior learning consultant at Pokeshot. With more than 15 --years’ experience in the learning and development field, Stan has worked in --various roles such as LMS administrator, project manager, consultant, and --instructor. He also used this experience to work as a freelancer before joining --Pokeshot. Stan’s role includes assisting clients with social learning strategy --development, managing SmarterPath integrations, providing sales support, --and contributing to product innovation.",Learner as Creator: A New Path to ROI - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:109 Leveraging Google and Amazon APIs to Enhance Your eLearning Courses------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Development----------St. Croix B------------There are many new web services available from Google and Amazon:--image recognition, text to speech, voice to text, real-time data, and more. These--services are inexpensive (some are free) and have the potential to make your course--more engaging and effective. But how do you incorporate them into your course?--In this session, you will see and play with examples of courses--that use these web services. You will explore the features offered by various services.--And then you will investigate the JavaScript code needed to connect your course--to these services. Specifically, participants will use Google’s Vision API, Google’s--Translate API, Google’s Firebase, and Amazon’s Polly API.--In this session, you will--learn:----Which services are available from Google and Amazon--How you can leverage these APIs to create better--eLearning--The limits of using these technologies directly in--your courses--Samples of JavaScript code necessary to incorporate--these services into your courses----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Google’s Vision API, Google’s Translate API, Google’s Firebase,--Amazon’s Polly API, JavaScript, Articulate Storyline 360, and Adobe Captivate 2017.-- ------------James Kingsley--Sr. Technology Architect eLearning Brothers--James Kingsley, a senior technology architect for the eLearning Brothers, has worked in the eLearning industry for over 16 years. He enjoys making tools, applications, and web apps do things they were not meant to do. At eLearning Brothers, he helps shape the direction of mobile and HTML5 eLearning development. James also co-founded ReviewMyeLearning.com.------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:There are many new web services available from Google and Amazon:--image recognition, text to speech, voice to text, real-time data, and more. These--services are inexpensive (some are free) and have the potential to make your course--more engaging and effective. But how do you incorporate them into your course?--In this session, you will see and play with examples of courses--that use these web services. You will explore the features offered by various services.--And then you will investigate the JavaScript code needed to connect your course--to these services. Specifically, participants will use Google’s Vision API, Google’s--Translate API, Google’s Firebase, and Amazon’s Polly API.--In this session, you will--learn:----Which services are available from Google and Amazon--How you can leverage these APIs to create better--eLearning--The limits of using these technologies directly in--your courses--Samples of JavaScript code necessary to incorporate--these services into your courses----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Google’s Vision API, Google’s Translate API, Google’s Firebase,--Amazon’s Polly API, JavaScript, Articulate Storyline 360, and Adobe Captivate 2017.-- ,

SPEAKER_NAME:James Kingsley--Sr. Technology Architect eLearning Brothers

SPEAKER_BIO:James Kingsley, a senior technology architect for the eLearning Brothers, has worked in the eLearning industry for over 16 years. He enjoys making tools, applications, and web apps do things they were not meant to do. At eLearning Brothers, he helps shape the direction of mobile and HTML5 eLearning development. James also co-founded ReviewMyeLearning.com.",Leveraging Google and Amazon APIs to Enhance Your eLearning Courses - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:110 Measuring Performance in Immersive Environments------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------AR & VR----------Antigua B------------Augmented reality, virtual reality, and similar technologies--are useful for teaching complex skills. But how do you know if your users are getting--the most out of these experiences? A benefit of these technologies is being--able to measure the acquisition of knowledge and skills without needing smile sheets--or paper tests. Performance data collected through these technologies can provide--a more comprehensive picture of learning outcomes.--In this session, you will learn how to develop an assessment--strategy for measuring learning and performance in immersive environments. You--will examine the types of skills best suited for training using AR and VR, and how--to measure those skills before, during, and after the learning experience. You’ll--learn how you can use performance data to predict learner outcomes and evaluate--the effectiveness of your training. As an example, you will hear about the--speaker learning to play popular VR games in an inflatable dinosaur costume.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to choose between AR and VR platforms based on--what you’re trying to teach--How to design an assessment strategy to capture the--learning process--How to use performance data to evaluate training--effectiveness--How to use performance data to personalize the learning--experience----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.). --Technology discussed in--this session:--Augmented reality, virtual reality, and HTC Vive.------------Jennifer Murphy--Chief Executive Officer Quantum Improvements Consulting--Jennifer Murphy, Ph.D., is the founder and CEO of Quantum Improvements Consulting (QIC), an Orlando-based firm specializing in the application of emerging technology to training for complex skills. A cognitive psychologist by trade, her work focuses on how to design, develop, implement, and evaluate training technology for the Department of Defense and other clients. At QIC, she leads a growing team of learning science professionals. In addition to her many peer-reviewed publications, her work has been featured in the New York Times, the Pentagon Channel, and Signal Magazine. ------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Augmented reality, virtual reality, and similar technologies--are useful for teaching complex skills. But how do you know if your users are getting--the most out of these experiences? A benefit of these technologies is being--able to measure the acquisition of knowledge and skills without needing smile sheets--or paper tests. Performance data collected through these technologies can provide--a more comprehensive picture of learning outcomes.--In this session, you will learn how to develop an assessment--strategy for measuring learning and performance in immersive environments. You--will examine the types of skills best suited for training using AR and VR, and how--to measure those skills before, during, and after the learning experience. You’ll--learn how you can use performance data to predict learner outcomes and evaluate--the effectiveness of your training. As an example, you will hear about the--speaker learning to play popular VR games in an inflatable dinosaur costume.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to choose between AR and VR platforms based on--what you’re trying to teach--How to design an assessment strategy to capture the--learning process--How to use performance data to evaluate training--effectiveness--How to use performance data to personalize the learning--experience----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.). --Technology discussed in--this session:--Augmented reality, virtual reality, and HTC Vive.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jennifer Murphy--Chief Executive Officer Quantum Improvements Consulting

SPEAKER_BIO:Jennifer Murphy, Ph.D., is the founder and CEO of Quantum Improvements Consulting (QIC), an Orlando-based firm specializing in the application of emerging technology to training for complex skills. A cognitive psychologist by trade, her work focuses on how to design, develop, implement, and evaluate training technology for the Department of Defense and other clients. At QIC, she leads a growing team of learning science professionals. In addition to her many peer-reviewed publications, her work has been featured in the New York Times, the Pentagon Channel, and Signal Magazine. ",Measuring Performance in Immersive Environments - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:102 LMS, LRS, LXP, and More: Exploring the Learning Platforms Landscape------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Management and Strategy----------St. Croix A------------For decades, there was only one dominant learning platform that most training departments used: the learning management system (LMS). However, in recent years the learning platforms landscape has expanded. Not only have LMSs evolved over time, but additional platforms—such as LRSs, LXPs, and more—are also growing in functionality and popularity for learning and performance. This makes an organization’s decision on learning platforms much more complex, as it’s no longer a discussion of which platform, but which suite of platforms will meet an organization’s needs.--This session will explore how the growing array of platforms compete, coexist, and work to serve the diverse needs of today’s workforce. We will examine technology-driven performance ecosystems and how workers leverage multiple systems. We will make sense of current systems, explore what’s coming next, and examine how different platforms complement and compete with one another.--In this session, you will learn:----The differences between the types of learning platforms--Key questions to ask when seeking a new learning platform--About the core functionality learning platforms add to an organization--About the new functionality the learning platforms are introducing to L&D----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.------------David Kelly--Executive Vice President and Executive Director The eLearning Guild--David Kelly is the executive vice president and executive director of The --eLearning Guild. David has been a learning and performance consultant and --training director for more than 15 years. He is a leading voice exploring --how technology can be used to enhance training, education, learning, and --organizational performance. David is an active member of the learning --community and can frequently be found speaking at industry events. He has --contributed to organizations including ATD, eLearn Magazine, --LINGOs, and more. David is also known for his curation efforts, especially --related to conferences and events for learning and performance --professionals.------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:For decades, there was only one dominant learning platform that most training departments used: the learning management system (LMS). However, in recent years the learning platforms landscape has expanded. Not only have LMSs evolved over time, but additional platforms—such as LRSs, LXPs, and more—are also growing in functionality and popularity for learning and performance. This makes an organization’s decision on learning platforms much more complex, as it’s no longer a discussion of which platform, but which suite of platforms will meet an organization’s needs.--This session will explore how the growing array of platforms compete, coexist, and work to serve the diverse needs of today’s workforce. We will examine technology-driven performance ecosystems and how workers leverage multiple systems. We will make sense of current systems, explore what’s coming next, and examine how different platforms complement and compete with one another.--In this session, you will learn:----The differences between the types of learning platforms--Key questions to ask when seeking a new learning platform--About the core functionality learning platforms add to an organization--About the new functionality the learning platforms are introducing to L&D----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.,

SPEAKER_NAME:David Kelly--Executive Vice President and Executive Director The eLearning Guild

SPEAKER_BIO:David Kelly is the executive vice president and executive director of The --eLearning Guild. David has been a learning and performance consultant and --training director for more than 15 years. He is a leading voice exploring --how technology can be used to enhance training, education, learning, and --organizational performance. David is an active member of the learning --community and can frequently be found speaking at industry events. He has --contributed to organizations including ATD, eLearn Magazine, --LINGOs, and more. David is also known for his curation efforts, especially --related to conferences and events for learning and performance --professionals."
LMS, LRS, LXP, and More: Exploring the Learning Platforms Landscape - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:112 Did You Hear That? No Studio? No Problem!------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Video & Media----------St. Thomas A------------Everyone knows that person who has a heavy footstep, a booming--laugh, or talks way too loud, and it always seems to be magnified when recording--audio. Often you’re working in less-than-ideal environments, trying to make the--best of what you’ve got, and you don’t always have time or tools for editing. When--you don’t have a professional studio to record audio, the struggle is very real.--Did you hear that? Didn’t think so. In this session, you will--learn techniques to help turn a less-than-ideal recording situation into something--more manageable. From setting up equipment to final publishing, a few simple steps--can improve audio recording quality. On the other hand, if you are next to a busy--road with sirens and horns going off almost hourly, editing is a must. Don’t feel--pressured to re-record! With a few clicks, that wailing siren can be quieted or--removed altogether—all without a recording studio.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to calibrate a microphone so it only records--what you want it to--How to address some of the most common recording--challenges, like the “pop” you get at the “p” and “th” sounds--Considerations in setting up your recording space--How to edit audio and remove ambient noise----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Laptops, microphones, Adobe Audition, and Audacity.------------------Elisabeth Kozee--Instructional Designer Aflac--Elisabeth Kozee is an instructional designer at Aflac. With over 13 years of instructional design experience, Elisabeth has seen and conquered a lot. She’s fearless when tackling projects that cause others to run for the hills. In Aflac’s national sales training department, she develops learning materials for over 70,000 sales associates. Prior to Aflac, Elisabeth held many roles in the banking/payment industry that gave her a powerful voice among her leaders and peers. Working with some of the top banks in the world, she developed content, facilitated training, and was involved with starting up several new call centers for clients globally.------------------Jose Parker--Instructional Designer Aflac--Jose Parker is a bilingual instructional designer in the sales/training development department of Aflac. He is actively involved in the company’s diversity council and other company culture clubs. Jose has a bachelor’s degree in political science with a minor in Spanish. He worked in education and training for the US Army, supporting the SouthCom mission of democratic sustainment in Latin America. At Aflac, prior to the ID position, he held various bilingual internal ops positions. His experience is mostly self-taught and trial-and-error, with an approach of “adapt and overcome” when recording and editing audio in a noisy office environment.------------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Everyone knows that person who has a heavy footstep, a booming--laugh, or talks way too loud, and it always seems to be magnified when recording--audio. Often you’re working in less-than-ideal environments, trying to make the--best of what you’ve got, and you don’t always have time or tools for editing. When--you don’t have a professional studio to record audio, the struggle is very real.--Did you hear that? Didn’t think so. In this session, you will--learn techniques to help turn a less-than-ideal recording situation into something--more manageable. From setting up equipment to final publishing, a few simple steps--can improve audio recording quality. On the other hand, if you are next to a busy--road with sirens and horns going off almost hourly, editing is a must. Don’t feel--pressured to re-record! With a few clicks, that wailing siren can be quieted or--removed altogether—all without a recording studio.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to calibrate a microphone so it only records--what you want it to--How to address some of the most common recording--challenges, like the “pop” you get at the “p” and “th” sounds--Considerations in setting up your recording space--How to edit audio and remove ambient noise----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Laptops, microphones, Adobe Audition, and Audacity.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jose Parker--Instructional Designer Aflac

SPEAKER_BIO:Jose Parker is a bilingual instructional designer in the sales/training development department of Aflac. He is actively involved in the company’s diversity council and other company culture clubs. Jose has a bachelor’s degree in political science with a minor in Spanish. He worked in education and training for the US Army, supporting the SouthCom mission of democratic sustainment in Latin America. At Aflac, prior to the ID position, he held various bilingual internal ops positions. His experience is mostly self-taught and trial-and-error, with an approach of “adapt and overcome” when recording and editing audio in a noisy office environment.",Did You Hear That? No Studio? No Problem! - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:113 A Tool Kit for a Zero-Budget Project------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Tools----------Barbados AB------------As a learning professional, your project budgets may be shrinking.--You’re being asked to do more with less. Do you ever wish you had a library of free--or low-cost tools at your fingertips? Now you can! There are plenty of free or low-cost--tools available if you know where to look. --This session will show you how you can “design on a dime” and--still deliver high-quality, engaging, and effective blended learning solutions.--You will gain a budget toolkit for any situation. This toolkit has been put to the--test by designing and implementing a real-life learning solution at as close to--zero cost as possible. This zero-budget project will spark practical ideas and provide--an amazing toolkit you can apply right away.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to stretch your budget by considering creative--uses for free tools--Which tool to use at each stage of the project (project--management, design, development, and delivery)--How to determine when it’s worth it to purchase the--paid version of a tool, and when the free version is all you need--How to leverage innovative mobile tools to engage--your audience--Clever ways to save on multimedia production (including--voice-overs and translations)--How to access free course content----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Prezi, Kahoot, Freedcamp, Hightail, Google Docs, VoiceThread,--FreeConferenceCall.com, Pixabay, Creative Commons, DaFont, GoAnimate, FutureLearn,--edX, eLearning Brothers, Amazon Polly, Audacity, Rev, Voice123, join.me, Poll Everywhere,--QR Code Maker, Bitly, Google Sites, Latitude Learning, and SurveyMonkey.------------------Carol Munir--Sr. Director ADP--Carol Munir, senior director of talent and development ops at ADP, is a learning professional and ISD with nearly 20 years’ experience who specializes in deploying innovative, global solutions for talent development. Prior to ADP, Carol was senior manager of US training at QuintilesIMS and manager of global L&D at Starwood Hotels & Resorts. She delivered “Making Virtual Training Engaging” at the 2015 DevLearn conference. Most recently, she facilitated the session “Design on a Dime” at the 2017 Learning DevCamp conference. Her passion is enhancing the learner experience by personalizing content to drive a pull, not push strategy.------------------Sara Walters--Content Analyst Info Tech--Sara Walters, a content analyst at Info Tech, is an instructional designer with 20 years’ experience in the learning --and development field. She specializes in creating blended learning solutions, with expertise in self-paced --eLearning, live virtual training, performance support components, and instructor-led classroom training. Her --passion is designing eLearning and virtual training that engages learners and improves performance. She began --her career providing instructor-led classroom training to organizations large and small. Since 2005, she has --honed her expertise in delivering engaging virtual training and eLearning development. Most recently, she --delivered the session “Design on a Dime” at the 2017 Learning DevCamp conference.------------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:As a learning professional, your project budgets may be shrinking.--You’re being asked to do more with less. Do you ever wish you had a library of free--or low-cost tools at your fingertips? Now you can! There are plenty of free or low-cost--tools available if you know where to look. --This session will show you how you can “design on a dime” and--still deliver high-quality, engaging, and effective blended learning solutions.--You will gain a budget toolkit for any situation. This toolkit has been put to the--test by designing and implementing a real-life learning solution at as close to--zero cost as possible. This zero-budget project will spark practical ideas and provide--an amazing toolkit you can apply right away.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to stretch your budget by considering creative--uses for free tools--Which tool to use at each stage of the project (project--management, design, development, and delivery)--How to determine when it’s worth it to purchase the--paid version of a tool, and when the free version is all you need--How to leverage innovative mobile tools to engage--your audience--Clever ways to save on multimedia production (including--voice-overs and translations)--How to access free course content----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Prezi, Kahoot, Freedcamp, Hightail, Google Docs, VoiceThread,--FreeConferenceCall.com, Pixabay, Creative Commons, DaFont, GoAnimate, FutureLearn,--edX, eLearning Brothers, Amazon Polly, Audacity, Rev, Voice123, join.me, Poll Everywhere,--QR Code Maker, Bitly, Google Sites, Latitude Learning, and SurveyMonkey.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Sara Walters--Content Analyst Info Tech

SPEAKER_BIO:Sara Walters, a content analyst at Info Tech, is an instructional designer with 20 years’ experience in the learning --and development field. She specializes in creating blended learning solutions, with expertise in self-paced --eLearning, live virtual training, performance support components, and instructor-led classroom training. Her --passion is designing eLearning and virtual training that engages learners and improves performance. She began --her career providing instructor-led classroom training to organizations large and small. Since 2005, she has --honed her expertise in delivering engaging virtual training and eLearning development. Most recently, she --delivered the session “Design on a Dime” at the 2017 Learning DevCamp conference.",A Tool Kit for a Zero-Budget Project - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:114 Blockchain 101: An L&D Introduction to a Mysterious, Disruptive Technology------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Emerging Tech----------St. Thomas B------------You’ve probably heard of bitcoin and how early adopters suddenly--became millionaires by investing in this cryptocurrency. The underlying technology--is called the “blockchain,” and this specific technology has the potential to shake--up a lot of industries, including L&D and HR. However, for a lot of people,--blockchain remains a mystery. What is blockchain? And how could it eventually affect--learning and development?--This session will lead you on a journey of discovery, using concrete--examples. The possible applications are numerous: recruitment, learning and development,--payroll, etc. Blockchain can efficiently be applied to any area where HR and L&D--exchange data and where identifiers and transactional processes are required. You’ll--take a non-technical deep dive in this session to understand the blockchain lingo,--the components, the actors, etc. And you’ll discuss whether, how, and when L&D--will be affected by the blockchain. Prepare for the future!--In this session, you will--learn:----How the blockchain works--The blockchain lingo--Current blockchain use cases--Future blockchain use cases----Audience: --Developers and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Blockchain, Ethereum, and Hyperledger.------------Mathias Vermeulen--Owner Winston Wolfe--Mathias Vermeulen, the owner of Winston Wolfe—Innovative HR Solutions, --has an eight-year track record in L&D and HR management. Mathias --recently decided to start his own business. He received Belgian Learning & --Development Awards in 2010 & 2011 and a nomination for 2013. Topics for --the 2011 & 2013 awards are in the game-based learning and gamification --domain.------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:You’ve probably heard of bitcoin and how early adopters suddenly--became millionaires by investing in this cryptocurrency. The underlying technology--is called the “blockchain,” and this specific technology has the potential to shake--up a lot of industries, including L&D and HR. However, for a lot of people,--blockchain remains a mystery. What is blockchain? And how could it eventually affect--learning and development?--This session will lead you on a journey of discovery, using concrete--examples. The possible applications are numerous: recruitment, learning and development,--payroll, etc. Blockchain can efficiently be applied to any area where HR and L&D--exchange data and where identifiers and transactional processes are required. You’ll--take a non-technical deep dive in this session to understand the blockchain lingo,--the components, the actors, etc. And you’ll discuss whether, how, and when L&D--will be affected by the blockchain. Prepare for the future!--In this session, you will--learn:----How the blockchain works--The blockchain lingo--Current blockchain use cases--Future blockchain use cases----Audience: --Developers and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Blockchain, Ethereum, and Hyperledger.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Mathias Vermeulen--Owner Winston Wolfe

SPEAKER_BIO:Mathias Vermeulen, the owner of Winston Wolfe—Innovative HR Solutions, --has an eight-year track record in L&D and HR management. Mathias --recently decided to start his own business. He received Belgian Learning & --Development Awards in 2010 & 2011 and a nomination for 2013. Topics for --the 2011 & 2013 awards are in the game-based learning and gamification --domain."
Blockchain 101: An L&D Introduction to a Mysterious, Disruptive Technology - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:115 BYOD: Exploring Accessibility Options in Captivate 2018------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Tools----------Trinidad AB------------Adobe Captivate 2017 provides eLearning content creators many--interactive tools, but accessibility often takes a back seat to interactivity. In--December 2017, a development team was tasked with making a series of interactive--presentations accessible to screen readers when they were informed a student with--blindness had been enrolled for the upcoming term.--This session will explore how Adobe Captivate interacts with--screen readers and how it can provide accessible interactions for students with--disabilities. You’ll explore closed captioning, adding accessibility text, and creating--a variety of accessible interactions; and you’ll learn about some of the challenges--the team faced in converting existing content. You’ll explore the results of those--challenges in a screen reader and find out how, with accessibility, you can help--equip all learners with an engaging learning experience.--In this session, you will--learn:----Several tips for making your content accessible to--learners with vision and hearing impairment--How to use JAWS and NVDA screen readers to test your--content in Adobe Captivate--About some of the challenges of making Captivate--interactions accessible--About some free tools for testing the accessibility--of Captivate files----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed in--this session:--Adobe Captivate 2017, JAWS screen reader for Windows, and NVDA--screen reader for Windows.--Technology required:--PC laptop (or Mac laptop with an installed Windows partition);--Adobe Captivate 2018; JAWS screen reader for Windows (offers a free 40-minute-per-session--trial); and NVDA screen reader for Windows (free).------------Michael Wilday--Manager of Learning Technology Solutions Los Angeles Pacific University--Mike Wilday, manager of learning technology solutions at Los Angeles --Pacific University, has been an innovator and a web and graphic --designer for over 20 years. Since 2011, Mike has been working in --higher education, applying his love for technology and innovation to --the field of eLearning and the development of instructional media at --Los Angeles Pacific University. Since 2011, Mike has been the manager --of learning technology solutions working to implement innovative and --advanced solutions into the learning management system while --meeting the needs of learners on their higher education journey.------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Adobe Captivate 2017 provides eLearning content creators many--interactive tools, but accessibility often takes a back seat to interactivity. In--December 2017, a development team was tasked with making a series of interactive--presentations accessible to screen readers when they were informed a student with--blindness had been enrolled for the upcoming term.--This session will explore how Adobe Captivate interacts with--screen readers and how it can provide accessible interactions for students with--disabilities. You’ll explore closed captioning, adding accessibility text, and creating--a variety of accessible interactions; and you’ll learn about some of the challenges--the team faced in converting existing content. You’ll explore the results of those--challenges in a screen reader and find out how, with accessibility, you can help--equip all learners with an engaging learning experience.--In this session, you will--learn:----Several tips for making your content accessible to--learners with vision and hearing impairment--How to use JAWS and NVDA screen readers to test your--content in Adobe Captivate--About some of the challenges of making Captivate--interactions accessible--About some free tools for testing the accessibility--of Captivate files----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed in--this session:--Adobe Captivate 2017, JAWS screen reader for Windows, and NVDA--screen reader for Windows.--Technology required:--PC laptop (or Mac laptop with an installed Windows partition);--Adobe Captivate 2018; JAWS screen reader for Windows (offers a free 40-minute-per-session--trial); and NVDA screen reader for Windows (free).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Michael Wilday--Manager of Learning Technology Solutions Los Angeles Pacific University

SPEAKER_BIO:Mike Wilday, manager of learning technology solutions at Los Angeles --Pacific University, has been an innovator and a web and graphic --designer for over 20 years. Since 2011, Mike has been working in --higher education, applying his love for technology and innovation to --the field of eLearning and the development of instructional media at --Los Angeles Pacific University. Since 2011, Mike has been the manager --of learning technology solutions working to implement innovative and --advanced solutions into the learning management system while --meeting the needs of learners on their higher education journey.",BYOD: Exploring Accessibility Options in Captivate 2018 - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:116 BYOD: Tips and Tricks for Testing Your Responsive eLearning Content------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Mobile----------Martinique AB------------A growing number of learners use mobile devices to take their--eLearning courses. While modern authoring tools make creating responsive content--easier than ever, testing it is cumbersome at best. You must take into account a--growing number of screen sizes and form factors, test how your interactions translate--to a touch screen, account for limited bandwidth, etc., while having access to a--limited number of testing devices.--In this hands-on session, you will discover a handful of free--and easy-to-use solutions to transform your workstation into a powerful testing--environment. You will leverage the developer tools of your web browser to effectively--emulate the mobile situation. You will learn how to configure any device and how--to simulate limited bandwidth, using tools built into your web browser. You will--also learn how you can use Browsersync, an open-source testing tool, to host your--eLearning content so you can test it using your own mobile device without configuring--a complicated IT infrastructure.--In this session, you will--learn:----That the mobile experience is not limited to smaller--screen sizes and layout adaptations--How to access and use the developer tools of your--web browser to emulate any mobile device--How to install and use Browsersync--How to test your eLearning content on your actual--mobile device using your Wi-Fi network----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Adobe Captivate, Chrome developer tools, and Browsersync (a Node.js--module).--Technology required:--The latest version of Adobe Captivate, Node.js, Browsersync (an--installation guide for Mac and Windows will be provided), and the latest version--of the Chrome web browser.------------Damien Bruyndonckx--COO & Pedagogical Director DiDaXo--Damien Bruyndonckx, a co-founder and pedagogical director of DiDaXo, is a longtime Adobe certified instructor on Dreamweaver, ColdFusion, Acrobat, and Captivate. Damien has worked for various Adobe-authorized training centers in Europe and has contributed to many web- and eLearning-related projects for countless customers. In 2015, Damien co-founded DiDaXo. The Belgium-based company specializes in eLearning authoring with Adobe Captivate and in Captivate training all around the world. Damien is the author of four Captivate books, including Mastering Adobe Captivate 8, published in 2015 by Packt Publishing.------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:A growing number of learners use mobile devices to take their--eLearning courses. While modern authoring tools make creating responsive content--easier than ever, testing it is cumbersome at best. You must take into account a--growing number of screen sizes and form factors, test how your interactions translate--to a touch screen, account for limited bandwidth, etc., while having access to a--limited number of testing devices.--In this hands-on session, you will discover a handful of free--and easy-to-use solutions to transform your workstation into a powerful testing--environment. You will leverage the developer tools of your web browser to effectively--emulate the mobile situation. You will learn how to configure any device and how--to simulate limited bandwidth, using tools built into your web browser. You will--also learn how you can use Browsersync, an open-source testing tool, to host your--eLearning content so you can test it using your own mobile device without configuring--a complicated IT infrastructure.--In this session, you will--learn:----That the mobile experience is not limited to smaller--screen sizes and layout adaptations--How to access and use the developer tools of your--web browser to emulate any mobile device--How to install and use Browsersync--How to test your eLearning content on your actual--mobile device using your Wi-Fi network----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Adobe Captivate, Chrome developer tools, and Browsersync (a Node.js--module).--Technology required:--The latest version of Adobe Captivate, Node.js, Browsersync (an--installation guide for Mac and Windows will be provided), and the latest version--of the Chrome web browser.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Damien Bruyndonckx--COO & Pedagogical Director DiDaXo

SPEAKER_BIO:Damien Bruyndonckx, a co-founder and pedagogical director of DiDaXo, is a longtime Adobe certified instructor on Dreamweaver, ColdFusion, Acrobat, and Captivate. Damien has worked for various Adobe-authorized training centers in Europe and has contributed to many web- and eLearning-related projects for countless customers. In 2015, Damien co-founded DiDaXo. The Belgium-based company specializes in eLearning authoring with Adobe Captivate and in Captivate training all around the world. Damien is the author of four Captivate books, including Mastering Adobe Captivate 8, published in 2015 by Packt Publishing.",BYOD: Tips and Tricks for Testing Your Responsive eLearning Content - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:201 Creating an Instructionally Sound Microlearning Experience------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Instructional Design----------Montego DE------------Microlearning is really hot right now. You may be getting pressure--to “go micro” on your projects. Or maybe you are already using microlearning but--question whether it’s really instructionally sound. To resolve these issues, you--need to have a clear understanding of microlearning use cases, and how to use microlearning--to bring the greatest value to your learning programs.--This session will start with a discussion about what microlearning--is (and is not). Then you will identify a training program you are working on and--use an assessment to identify what parts of that content are a good fit for microlearning.--Next, you will explore recommendations for designing effective microlearning resources,--and you will create an outline for a piece of microlearning that will address the--learning needs of your specific project. You will leave this session knowing how--your content fits a microlearning approach, and with a design for a microlearning--resource that is instructionally sound.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to define microlearning for your team or organization--How to identify whether microlearning can make an--impact in one of your training programs--How to create effective microlearning resources--How to create an outline for a piece of microlearning--(text, infographic, interactive eLearning, or video) that will address the learning--needs of your specific project----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Microlearning.------------Carla Torgerson--Director of Instructional Design Bull City Learning--Carla Torgerson is a director of instructional design at Bull City Learning, a performance and learning consultancy. Carla has more than 15 years’ experience as an instructional designer. She developed MILE, the MIcroLEarning Design Mode, and is the author of The Microlearning Guide to Microlearning. Carla has consulted with numerous Fortune 500 clients, including McDonald’s, Netflix, Facebook, Express, Fidelity, Medtronic, Merck, and Best Western. Carla has also taught certificate programs for ATD on eLearning, mobile learning, and microlearning over the past 10 years. ------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Microlearning is really hot right now. You may be getting pressure--to “go micro” on your projects. Or maybe you are already using microlearning but--question whether it’s really instructionally sound. To resolve these issues, you--need to have a clear understanding of microlearning use cases, and how to use microlearning--to bring the greatest value to your learning programs.--This session will start with a discussion about what microlearning--is (and is not). Then you will identify a training program you are working on and--use an assessment to identify what parts of that content are a good fit for microlearning.--Next, you will explore recommendations for designing effective microlearning resources,--and you will create an outline for a piece of microlearning that will address the--learning needs of your specific project. You will leave this session knowing how--your content fits a microlearning approach, and with a design for a microlearning--resource that is instructionally sound.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to define microlearning for your team or organization--How to identify whether microlearning can make an--impact in one of your training programs--How to create effective microlearning resources--How to create an outline for a piece of microlearning--(text, infographic, interactive eLearning, or video) that will address the learning--needs of your specific project----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Microlearning.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Carla Torgerson--Director of Instructional Design Bull City Learning

SPEAKER_BIO:Carla Torgerson is a director of instructional design at Bull City Learning, a performance and learning consultancy. Carla has more than 15 years’ experience as an instructional designer. She developed MILE, the MIcroLEarning Design Mode, and is the author of The Microlearning Guide to Microlearning. Carla has consulted with numerous Fortune 500 clients, including McDonald’s, Netflix, Facebook, Express, Fidelity, Medtronic, Merck, and Best Western. Carla has also taught certificate programs for ATD on eLearning, mobile learning, and microlearning over the past 10 years. ",Creating an Instructionally Sound Microlearning Experience - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:202 Using Brain Science to Increase Learning Retention and ROI------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Instructional Design----------Bermuda AB------------The two goals of any training program are to teach employees--new information and then to enable them to transfer their new knowledge into their--workplace. But learning transfer is a complex process, and most trainers do not--understand the simple steps that they can take to ensure that knowledge transfers--from the computer where it is learned to the workplace where it is needed.--To improve retention and transfer, you need to systematically--reinforce training. In this session, you’ll learn of four brain-based techniques--that Google is using to overcome the forgetting curve and create sustainable behavior--change. These techniques include booster quizzing, social elaboration, strategic--coaching, and depth of processing. You’ll see how you can easily incorporate these--techniques into training programs and dramatically improve learning and retention.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to deploy a systematic program after training--that dramatically increases retention and transfer--How eLearning training can be customized to increase--learning transfer--How pre-tests, such as measuring an employee’s “readiness--for change,” can lead to a much higher rate of learning transfer--About three myths that interfere with successful--transfer of learning--Strategies to encourage executive buy-in on programs--that promote learning transfer----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Post-training reinforcement and social media.------------Art Kohn--Professor ASPIRE Consulting Group--Art Kohn, a professor of business at Portland State University, researches how to present information to maximize learning and memory. Art holds a PhD degree in cognitive science from Duke University. He was awarded the National Professor of the Year award from the American Psychological Association, and has won Fulbright Fellowships in cognitive psychology and distance education. He consults with the Centers for Disease Control on using social messaging for addressing HIV in the developing world. He and his company have produced more than 100 films, and he develops interactive media products for higher education and for corporate training. He is the author of  Communicating with Psychology. ------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:The two goals of any training program are to teach employees--new information and then to enable them to transfer their new knowledge into their--workplace. But learning transfer is a complex process, and most trainers do not--understand the simple steps that they can take to ensure that knowledge transfers--from the computer where it is learned to the workplace where it is needed.--To improve retention and transfer, you need to systematically--reinforce training. In this session, you’ll learn of four brain-based techniques--that Google is using to overcome the forgetting curve and create sustainable behavior--change. These techniques include booster quizzing, social elaboration, strategic--coaching, and depth of processing. You’ll see how you can easily incorporate these--techniques into training programs and dramatically improve learning and retention.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to deploy a systematic program after training--that dramatically increases retention and transfer--How eLearning training can be customized to increase--learning transfer--How pre-tests, such as measuring an employee’s “readiness--for change,” can lead to a much higher rate of learning transfer--About three myths that interfere with successful--transfer of learning--Strategies to encourage executive buy-in on programs--that promote learning transfer----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Post-training reinforcement and social media.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Art Kohn--Professor ASPIRE Consulting Group

SPEAKER_BIO:Art Kohn, a professor of business at Portland State University, researches how to present information to maximize learning and memory. Art holds a PhD degree in cognitive science from Duke University. He was awarded the National Professor of the Year award from the American Psychological Association, and has won Fulbright Fellowships in cognitive psychology and distance education. He consults with the Centers for Disease Control on using social messaging for addressing HIV in the developing world. He and his company have produced more than 100 films, and he develops interactive media products for higher education and for corporate training. He is the author of  Communicating with Psychology. ",Using Brain Science to Increase Learning Retention and ROI - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:203 Using an Instructional Design Approach to Transform Canned Content------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Instructional Design----------Montego B------------Every training department has to begin somewhere. Canned content--can save time and money while providing a ready supply of material, especially for--a newly developed program. At CTG, pre-purchased content built the base of a program--but left a gap between the company’s needs and what was readily available. They--needed to leverage that library of content against the principles and practices--of instructional design to create engaging training.--In this case study session, you will learn how CTG’s learning--and engagement department added customized pieces to pre-purchased content, creating--a more tailored and applicable learning experience. You’ll explore how to layer--personalized materials with pre-purchased pieces, creating engaging and relevant--content to take your company’s training to the next level. You will distinguish--between opportunities to transform canned materials by adding to them and when to--build your own from scratch. By the time you leave this session, you will have a--new approach to content development that will make building your company’s library--quick and painless.--In this session, you will--learn:----How pre-purchased content can be leveraged to build--a content library--How to add customization to pre-purchased/created--content to provide a unique experience--Why the instructional design process is still necessary--when not building content from scratch--How to identify opportunities to add to pre-purchased--content, and when not to----Audience: --Designers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate Storyline, Adobe Captivate, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint,--and Litmos.------------Cole Tinney--Senior Instructional Designer Covenant Transport--Cole Tinney is a senior instructional designer with Covenant Transport. She has spent her life focused on her passion: education. She first worked as a teacher before becoming director of education for a physician’s office and then finally joining Covenant Transport. With a proven record in instructional design, Cole has mastered creating workshops, presentations, and curricula that are truly engaging and focused on the learner’s experience. Cole’s energy and passion for learning are evident in her work and allow her to not just capture the goals and needs of her employers but turn them into visions for others to see and experience.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Every training department has to begin somewhere. Canned content--can save time and money while providing a ready supply of material, especially for--a newly developed program. At CTG, pre-purchased content built the base of a program--but left a gap between the company’s needs and what was readily available. They--needed to leverage that library of content against the principles and practices--of instructional design to create engaging training.--In this case study session, you will learn how CTG’s learning--and engagement department added customized pieces to pre-purchased content, creating--a more tailored and applicable learning experience. You’ll explore how to layer--personalized materials with pre-purchased pieces, creating engaging and relevant--content to take your company’s training to the next level. You will distinguish--between opportunities to transform canned materials by adding to them and when to--build your own from scratch. By the time you leave this session, you will have a--new approach to content development that will make building your company’s library--quick and painless.--In this session, you will--learn:----How pre-purchased content can be leveraged to build--a content library--How to add customization to pre-purchased/created--content to provide a unique experience--Why the instructional design process is still necessary--when not building content from scratch--How to identify opportunities to add to pre-purchased--content, and when not to----Audience: --Designers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate Storyline, Adobe Captivate, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint,--and Litmos.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Cole Tinney--Senior Instructional Designer Covenant Transport

SPEAKER_BIO:Cole Tinney is a senior instructional designer with Covenant Transport. She has spent her life focused on her passion: education. She first worked as a teacher before becoming director of education for a physician’s office and then finally joining Covenant Transport. With a proven record in instructional design, Cole has mastered creating workshops, presentations, and curricula that are truly engaging and focused on the learner’s experience. Cole’s energy and passion for learning are evident in her work and allow her to not just capture the goals and needs of her employers but turn them into visions for others to see and experience.",Using an Instructional Design Approach to Transform Canned Content - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:204 Strategies for Improving LMS Adoption------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Management and Strategy----------Antigua B------------Many organizations struggle through the LMS RFP process, suffer--low user adoption rates, and are at a loss for how to correct the situation or how--to have prevented it. What if there was a way to simplify the RFP and demo process--and increase user adoption? To align your LMS with your organization’s culture and--learning environment, and to ultimately learn to love and understand your LMS?--In this session, you will learn how to overcome two significant--flaws in the LMS world that are actively working against successful implementation--and user adoption. The first flaw addressed: LMS setup and maintenance is simple.--Find out how to recruit a learning technology analyst to keep your LMS on track.--The second flaw addressed: Build it, and they will come. An LMS needs to be aligned--with your organization’s culture and learning environment. You will learn how to--build and use user personas and use cases to quickly and correctly create a features--checklist and solicit focused product demos.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to build user personas based on employee demographics--and training data--How to build LMS use cases for the user personas--How to use the user personas and use cases to identify--LMS needs, facilitate effective demos, and aid change management processes--How to identify what you need in a learning tech--team member and then develop or recruit them----Audience: --Managers and learning systems practitioners.--Technology discussed--in this session:--Learning management systems.------------Tracie Cantu--Consultant The Combs Cantu Group--Tracie Cantu is the founder of the Combs Cantu Group, a talent development firm that specializes in helping businesses create employee experiences that support business objectives and employee development. Tracie has worked in HR and talent development for 20 years, with clients ranging from Fortune 100 companies to nonprofits. She is passionate about learning technology, and providing folks with practical approaches to sourcing and implementing learning systems and increasing user adoption.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Many organizations struggle through the LMS RFP process, suffer--low user adoption rates, and are at a loss for how to correct the situation or how--to have prevented it. What if there was a way to simplify the RFP and demo process--and increase user adoption? To align your LMS with your organization’s culture and--learning environment, and to ultimately learn to love and understand your LMS?--In this session, you will learn how to overcome two significant--flaws in the LMS world that are actively working against successful implementation--and user adoption. The first flaw addressed: LMS setup and maintenance is simple.--Find out how to recruit a learning technology analyst to keep your LMS on track.--The second flaw addressed: Build it, and they will come. An LMS needs to be aligned--with your organization’s culture and learning environment. You will learn how to--build and use user personas and use cases to quickly and correctly create a features--checklist and solicit focused product demos.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to build user personas based on employee demographics--and training data--How to build LMS use cases for the user personas--How to use the user personas and use cases to identify--LMS needs, facilitate effective demos, and aid change management processes--How to identify what you need in a learning tech--team member and then develop or recruit them----Audience: --Managers and learning systems practitioners.--Technology discussed--in this session:--Learning management systems.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Tracie Cantu--Consultant The Combs Cantu Group

SPEAKER_BIO:Tracie Cantu is the founder of the Combs Cantu Group, a talent development firm that specializes in helping businesses create employee experiences that support business objectives and employee development. Tracie has worked in HR and talent development for 20 years, with clients ranging from Fortune 100 companies to nonprofits. She is passionate about learning technology, and providing folks with practical approaches to sourcing and implementing learning systems and increasing user adoption.",Strategies for Improving LMS Adoption - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:205 The Rush to eLearning: How Not to Screw it Up------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Management and Strategy----------Antigua A------------First it was a curiosity. The curiosity grew into a fad, and--then into a genuine trend. Now it’s a necessity. eLearning long ago left the--experimental or pilot stage and is now a mainstream method of training and--education. Everyone is doing it. But are they doing it well? --In this session, you will explore the pitfalls and key--indicators of success or failure that will help you think differently about how--your organization approaches eLearning. The rush to eLearning is littered with--the bones of mistakes and judgment errors, and of eLearning projects built on--high hopes but not much else. Combine this with a field that is rapidly--changing, and it’s clear that getting it all right can be very challenging.--Join this session and learn what to do (and what not to do) when you’re getting--started—and, perhaps more importantly, how not to screw it all up after you and--your organization get going.--In this session, you--will learn:----The most common mistakes organizations make with--eLearning --How to avoid the pitfalls that befell many--others--Specific tips that will help get your eLearning--projects off on the right foot--How to adapt your approach to an ever-changing--field----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.------------Marc Rosenberg--President Marc Rosenberg and Associates--Marc Rosenberg is a leading authority and author in training, organizational learning, eLearning, knowledge management, and performance improvement. He has written two best-selling books, E-Learning: Strategies for Delivering Knowledge in the Digital Age and Beyond E-Learning: Approaches and Technologies to Enhance Organizational Knowledge, Learning and Performance. “Marc My Words,” his collection of over 100 columns from 2010 through 2018, is archived online in The eLearning Guild’s magazine Learning Solutions. Marc is past president and honorary life member of the International Society for Performance Improvement, has spoken at the White House, debated eLearning’s future at Oxford University, authored over 50 articles, and is frequently quoted in major trade publications. Marc was awarded the Guild Master Award in 2013 for his accomplishments and contributions to the eLearning community.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:First it was a curiosity. The curiosity grew into a fad, and--then into a genuine trend. Now it’s a necessity. eLearning long ago left the--experimental or pilot stage and is now a mainstream method of training and--education. Everyone is doing it. But are they doing it well? --In this session, you will explore the pitfalls and key--indicators of success or failure that will help you think differently about how--your organization approaches eLearning. The rush to eLearning is littered with--the bones of mistakes and judgment errors, and of eLearning projects built on--high hopes but not much else. Combine this with a field that is rapidly--changing, and it’s clear that getting it all right can be very challenging.--Join this session and learn what to do (and what not to do) when you’re getting--started—and, perhaps more importantly, how not to screw it all up after you and--your organization get going.--In this session, you--will learn:----The most common mistakes organizations make with--eLearning --How to avoid the pitfalls that befell many--others--Specific tips that will help get your eLearning--projects off on the right foot--How to adapt your approach to an ever-changing--field----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Marc Rosenberg--President Marc Rosenberg and Associates

SPEAKER_BIO:Marc Rosenberg is a leading authority and author in training, organizational learning, eLearning, knowledge management, and performance improvement. He has written two best-selling books, E-Learning: Strategies for Delivering Knowledge in the Digital Age and Beyond E-Learning: Approaches and Technologies to Enhance Organizational Knowledge, Learning and Performance. “Marc My Words,” his collection of over 100 columns from 2010 through 2018, is archived online in The eLearning Guild’s magazine Learning Solutions. Marc is past president and honorary life member of the International Society for Performance Improvement, has spoken at the White House, debated eLearning’s future at Oxford University, authored over 50 articles, and is frequently quoted in major trade publications. Marc was awarded the Guild Master Award in 2013 for his accomplishments and contributions to the eLearning community.",The Rush to eLearning: How Not to Screw it Up - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:206 xAPI: An Introduction for Instructional Designers------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Data and Measurement----------St. Croix A------------As adoption of xAPI begins to take hold, it allows for more robust--and interesting tracking of the learning process. As actual performance and results--data are integrated with learning metrics, designers will have the necessary data--to tailor the learning process to individual needs at the same time that they can--draw more useful conclusions about learning as a whole across a wider population.--After a brief introduction to xAPI and what’s new about it from--the instructional design side, this session will cover three key areas that impact--instructional design: (1) identifying learning data needs, data sources, and meaningful--visualizations that answer organizational and L&D questions; (2) making choices--about infrastructure—how and when to work with your LMS, your LRS, or both; and--(3) models for taking advantage of xAPI across a variety of learning vectors: formal--and informal, social and private, formative and summative, predictable and variable.--In this session, you will--learn:----To identify new challenges in your work as an instructional--designer--To describe the impact that xAPI can have on your--organization’s learning and performance strategies--To identify data needs and likely sources within--the organization to meet--To choose one or more first projects that leverage--xAPI’s capabilities beyond what’s available in SCORM today----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Experience API (xAPI).------------Megan Torrance--CEO TorranceLearning--Megan Torrance is CEO and founder of TorranceLearning, which helps organizations connect learning strategy to design, development, data, and ultimately performance. Megan has over 25 years of experience in learning design, deployment, and consulting. Megan and the TorranceLearning team are passionate about sharing what works in learning, so they devote considerable time to teaching and sharing about agile project management for learning experience design and, of course, the Experience API (xAPI). TorranceLearning hosts the xAPI Learning Cohort, a free, virtual 12-week learning-by-doing opportunity where teams form on the fly and create proof-of-concept xAPI projects.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:As adoption of xAPI begins to take hold, it allows for more robust--and interesting tracking of the learning process. As actual performance and results--data are integrated with learning metrics, designers will have the necessary data--to tailor the learning process to individual needs at the same time that they can--draw more useful conclusions about learning as a whole across a wider population.--After a brief introduction to xAPI and what’s new about it from--the instructional design side, this session will cover three key areas that impact--instructional design: (1) identifying learning data needs, data sources, and meaningful--visualizations that answer organizational and L&D questions; (2) making choices--about infrastructure—how and when to work with your LMS, your LRS, or both; and--(3) models for taking advantage of xAPI across a variety of learning vectors: formal--and informal, social and private, formative and summative, predictable and variable.--In this session, you will--learn:----To identify new challenges in your work as an instructional--designer--To describe the impact that xAPI can have on your--organization’s learning and performance strategies--To identify data needs and likely sources within--the organization to meet--To choose one or more first projects that leverage--xAPI’s capabilities beyond what’s available in SCORM today----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Experience API (xAPI).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Megan Torrance--CEO TorranceLearning

SPEAKER_BIO:Megan Torrance is CEO and founder of TorranceLearning, which helps organizations connect learning strategy to design, development, data, and ultimately performance. Megan has over 25 years of experience in learning design, deployment, and consulting. Megan and the TorranceLearning team are passionate about sharing what works in learning, so they devote considerable time to teaching and sharing about agile project management for learning experience design and, of course, the Experience API (xAPI). TorranceLearning hosts the xAPI Learning Cohort, a free, virtual 12-week learning-by-doing opportunity where teams form on the fly and create proof-of-concept xAPI projects.",xAPI: An Introduction for Instructional Designers - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:607 Preparing Your L&D Team to Run Gamification Programs------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Games and Gamification----------Antigua B------------There’s a lot of buzz around gamification, and plenty of confusion--about what it really means to gamify a corporate training or eLearning program.--One thing is clear: It’s much more than just adding badges to your training. It’s--about finding the right motivators for your audience and promoting the desired actions--or skill sets without getting bogged down in meaningless measurements and mechanics.--Use gamification mechanics and motivators to generate needed--change and enable your organization to meet your business objectives. Through hands-on--application combined with anecdotal and empirical data, you will experience the--good, the bad, and the ugly of gamification strategy design so that you can prepare--your L&D team to run their own gamification programs.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to turn dull and dry content into an engaging--course--How to design with progressive levels of motivational--elements--How to deliver any type of content in a way that--learners will easily and readily accept--Four techniques to add gamification to your training--programs immediately----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).------------Monica Cornetti--Founder and CEO Sententia Gamification--Monica Cornetti, the founder and CEO of Sententia Gamification, works with individuals and organizations who want to learn how to think differently to achieve uncommon results. A gamification speaker and designer, she was rated No. 1 among the Gamification Gurus Power 100 by Rise in 2015 and 2016, and in 2016 was also recognized as a top-three finalist for the Gamification Guru of the Year Award by the World Gamification Congress. Monica is the author of the book Totally Awesome Training Activity Guide: Put Gamification to Work for You.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:There’s a lot of buzz around gamification, and plenty of confusion--about what it really means to gamify a corporate training or eLearning program.--One thing is clear: It’s much more than just adding badges to your training. It’s--about finding the right motivators for your audience and promoting the desired actions--or skill sets without getting bogged down in meaningless measurements and mechanics.--Use gamification mechanics and motivators to generate needed--change and enable your organization to meet your business objectives. Through hands-on--application combined with anecdotal and empirical data, you will experience the--good, the bad, and the ugly of gamification strategy design so that you can prepare--your L&D team to run their own gamification programs.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to turn dull and dry content into an engaging--course--How to design with progressive levels of motivational--elements--How to deliver any type of content in a way that--learners will easily and readily accept--Four techniques to add gamification to your training--programs immediately----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Monica Cornetti--Founder and CEO Sententia Gamification

SPEAKER_BIO:Monica Cornetti, the founder and CEO of Sententia Gamification, works with individuals and organizations who want to learn how to think differently to achieve uncommon results. A gamification speaker and designer, she was rated No. 1 among the Gamification Gurus Power 100 by Rise in 2015 and 2016, and in 2016 was also recognized as a top-three finalist for the Gamification Guru of the Year Award by the World Gamification Congress. Monica is the author of the book Totally Awesome Training Activity Guide: Put Gamification to Work for You.",Preparing Your L&D Team to Run Gamification Programs - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:707 Meme-ing Today’s Hottest Learning Trends------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Emerging Tech----------Montego A------------Technology has completely changed the way we live, work, and learn. Technology has brought us the internet, smartphones, tablets, and many more tools that have changed our lives forever. Of course, these same technologies have also brought us memes like Socially Awkward Penguin, Success Kid, and yes, Grumpy Cat.--In this session, these two worlds collide as six industry experts use today’s memes to explore the hottest trends in our field. The rules of each presentation are simple: Each speaker’s presentation has 20 slides that automatically advance every 20 seconds. That provides each speaker with six minutes and 40 seconds to paint their vision for the future of learning. And there’s one last rule—slides can only use common internet memes for visuals. Join us for what is sure to be a fun and informative session.--Here are the topics our speakers will be exploring:-- ----Julie Dirksen: Neuroscience, The Good, Bad, and Ugly--Jane Bozarth: Evidence Vs. Myth--Tracy Parish: Robots are Taking Over the World--Sam Rogers: Big Data & Little Problems--JD Dillon: The Only Learning Platform Your Will Ever Need!!--David Kelly: Do You Suffer From SOS (Shiny Object Syndrome)?---- --In this session, you will learn:----The truth behind some of the biggest trends in learning--How to separate the fab from the fad--How Ignite session formats can create unique learning opportunities--Way more about internet memes than you ever thought possible----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.------------------Julie Dirksen--Instructional Strategist Usable Learning--Julie Dirksen, an instructional strategist with Usable Learning, is a consultant and instructional designer with more than 15 years’ experience creating highly interactive eLearning experiences for clients ranging from Fortune 500 companies to technology startups to grant-funded research initiatives. She’s interested in using neuroscience, change management, and persuasive technology to promote sustainable long-term learning and behavior change. Her MS degree in instructional systems technology is from Indiana University, and she’s been an adjunct faculty member at the Minneapolis College of Art and Design. She is the author of Design For How People Learn. ------------------Jane Bozarth--Director of Research The eLearning Guild--Jane Bozarth, the director of research for The eLearning Guild, is a veteran classroom trainer who transitioned to eLearning in the late 1990s and has never looked back. In her previous job as leader of the State of North Carolina’s award-winning eLearning program, Jane specialized in finding low-cost ways of providing online training solutions. She is the author of several books, including eLearning Solutions on a Shoestring, Social Media for Trainers, and Show Your Work: The Payoffs and How-To's of Working Out Loud. Jane holds a doctorate in training and development and was awarded the Guild Master Award in 2013 for her accomplishments and contributions to the eLearning community.----------------------Tracy Parish--Education Technology Specialist Southlake Regional Health Centre--Tracy Parish is an education technology specialist for a Regional Health --Centre. She has a diverse educational background of computer programming, --adult educational training, eLearning design and development leading to an --instructional design career. Tracy has over 12 years of experience including --face-to-face and online instructional design, development, and project --management, as well as LMS implementation and administration. Her work --involves collaboration with various hospital SMEs leading to the creation of an --extensive catalog of content for staff and patients. Tracy is an active Articulate --Community Hero, co-host of the Toronto Storyline User Group, and the social --media/marketing director for the Canadian Elearning Conference.------------------David Kelly--Executive Vice President and Executive Director The eLearning Guild--David Kelly is the executive vice president and executive director of The --eLearning Guild. David has been a learning and performance consultant and --training director for more than 15 years. He is a leading voice exploring --how technology can be used to enhance training, education, learning, and --organizational performance. David is an active member of the learning --community and can frequently be found speaking at industry events. He has --contributed to organizations including ATD, eLearn Magazine, --LINGOs, and more. David is also known for his curation efforts, especially --related to conferences and events for learning and performance --professionals.----------------------JD Dillon--Chief Learning Architect Axonify--JD Dillon is the chief learning architect at Axonify. With his practical approach, JD integrates science, technology, storytelling, and common sense to enable employees, improve performance, and drive business results. For 20 years, he has executed learning and performance strategies for global organizations, including the Walt Disney Company, Kaplan, Brambles, and AMC Theatres. At Axonify he partners with an award-winning team to solve business problems for leading organizations through modern learning practices and cutting-edge technology.------------------Sam Rogers--President Snap Synapse--Sam Rogers, the president of Snap Synapse, creates more effective, efficient, and engaging ways to deliver learning for clients including Google, Capital One, Deloitte, and AAA. He produced YouTube’s first online certification training, and he is a writer, director, producer, composer, and performer for stage and screen. Sam also writes and speaks frequently at conferences, sharing his passion for solving the problems that matter and inspiring learners to action.--------------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Technology has completely changed the way we live, work, and learn. Technology has brought us the internet, smartphones, tablets, and many more tools that have changed our lives forever. Of course, these same technologies have also brought us memes like Socially Awkward Penguin, Success Kid, and yes, Grumpy Cat.--In this session, these two worlds collide as six industry experts use today’s memes to explore the hottest trends in our field. The rules of each presentation are simple: Each speaker’s presentation has 20 slides that automatically advance every 20 seconds. That provides each speaker with six minutes and 40 seconds to paint their vision for the future of learning. And there’s one last rule—slides can only use common internet memes for visuals. Join us for what is sure to be a fun and informative session.--Here are the topics our speakers will be exploring:-- ----Julie Dirksen: Neuroscience, The Good, Bad, and Ugly--Jane Bozarth: Evidence Vs. Myth--Tracy Parish: Robots are Taking Over the World--Sam Rogers: Big Data & Little Problems--JD Dillon: The Only Learning Platform Your Will Ever Need!!--David Kelly: Do You Suffer From SOS (Shiny Object Syndrome)?---- --In this session, you will learn:----The truth behind some of the biggest trends in learning--How to separate the fab from the fad--How Ignite session formats can create unique learning opportunities--Way more about internet memes than you ever thought possible----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Sam Rogers--President Snap Synapse

SPEAKER_BIO:Sam Rogers, the president of Snap Synapse, creates more effective, efficient, and engaging ways to deliver learning for clients including Google, Capital One, Deloitte, and AAA. He produced YouTube’s first online certification training, and he is a writer, director, producer, composer, and performer for stage and screen. Sam also writes and speaks frequently at conferences, sharing his passion for solving the problems that matter and inspiring learners to action.,Meme-ing Today’s Hottest Learning Trends - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:209 Responsive eLearning Design and How to Truly Achieve it------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Development----------St. Thomas A------------There’s a common myth that responsive design means shrinking--to fit. It doesn’t! And that’s only the start of the misconceptions then applied--to eLearning. The truth is, many designers have several courses that aren’t responsive--or are merely paying lip service to being so. You need to start converting them--now, otherwise you’re frustrating a huge group of your learners. But where do you--start?--In this session, you’ll learn what responsive eLearning is, what--it looks and feels like, and how to truly achieve it. You’ll walk through a complete--step-by-step guide of: things you need to consider; what you need to prepare; best--practice media creation; authoring tools you could use; and how you should test--your courses. You’ll explore the differences between creating courses from scratch--versus converting existing courses, but you’ll leave with a checklist that can be--applied to both instances.--In this session, you will--learn:----What responsive eLearning is, and why it’s essential--to accommodate it--What the key points are for creating a responsive--eLearning course--How to prepare media so that it’s best fit for a--responsive course--What the main considerations are when converting--existing eLearning content to a responsive platform--Which common responsive design mistakes you should--avoid--What you need to evaluate when choosing a responsive--authoring tool----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers. --Technology discussed in--this session:--Evolve will be demonstrated, and other HTML5 responsive authoring--tools will be discussed.------------James McLuckie--Learning Solutions Director GoodPractice--James McLuckie is a learning solutions director at GoodPractice, based in the UK. He has worked in learning and development for over 15 years in both the public and private sectors. Taking a keen interest in digital technology for learning, he holds an MSc in eLearning, and he’s given several talks, held webinars, and been featured on podcasts discussing online learning. His work has been featured on Training Zone, and he is a fellow of both the Learning and Performance Institute and the Institute of Training and Organisational Learning. James is currently a board member of the UK eLearning Network.--------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:There’s a common myth that responsive design means shrinking--to fit. It doesn’t! And that’s only the start of the misconceptions then applied--to eLearning. The truth is, many designers have several courses that aren’t responsive--or are merely paying lip service to being so. You need to start converting them--now, otherwise you’re frustrating a huge group of your learners. But where do you--start?--In this session, you’ll learn what responsive eLearning is, what--it looks and feels like, and how to truly achieve it. You’ll walk through a complete--step-by-step guide of: things you need to consider; what you need to prepare; best--practice media creation; authoring tools you could use; and how you should test--your courses. You’ll explore the differences between creating courses from scratch--versus converting existing courses, but you’ll leave with a checklist that can be--applied to both instances.--In this session, you will--learn:----What responsive eLearning is, and why it’s essential--to accommodate it--What the key points are for creating a responsive--eLearning course--How to prepare media so that it’s best fit for a--responsive course--What the main considerations are when converting--existing eLearning content to a responsive platform--Which common responsive design mistakes you should--avoid--What you need to evaluate when choosing a responsive--authoring tool----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers. --Technology discussed in--this session:--Evolve will be demonstrated, and other HTML5 responsive authoring--tools will be discussed.,

SPEAKER_NAME:James McLuckie--Learning Solutions Director GoodPractice

SPEAKER_BIO:James McLuckie is a learning solutions director at GoodPractice, based in the UK. He has worked in learning and development for over 15 years in both the public and private sectors. Taking a keen interest in digital technology for learning, he holds an MSc in eLearning, and he’s given several talks, held webinars, and been featured on podcasts discussing online learning. His work has been featured on Training Zone, and he is a fellow of both the Learning and Performance Institute and the Institute of Training and Organisational Learning. James is currently a board member of the UK eLearning Network.,Responsive eLearning Design and How to Truly Achieve it - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:216 BYOD: Engaging Tech: Getting Started with Augmented Reality------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------AR & VR----------Martinique AB------------Augmented reality (AR) is a widely used technology in games,--marketing, and everyday apps, but what about learning and development? Where do--you get started? Where do you use it? How should you use it? Finding answers to--these questions can cause developers to overlook the potential this technology holds--and just how easy, effective, and affordable it can be to get started.--This session will demonstrate how easy it is to get started using--AR in development. You will be introduced to free and low-cost tools and resources--that will make developing an AR project simple, effective, and engaging. During--this session you’ll be hands-on creating an AR experience and have the opportunity--to live test some existing AR projects. You will leave this session with the working--knowledge of how to plan, build, and share an AR project with the world.--In this session, you will--learn:----The differences between augmented, mixed, and--virtual reality--About free and low-cost tools that are available--to create an AR project--What elements make a successful AR project--How to incorporate AR into your design workflow--About AR project ideas that can be implemented into--your organization--How to build an interactive AR project you can showcase--after the conference----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Google ARCore, Unity development tool, Zappar Designer, Zappar--mobile app, and Zapworks Studio.--Technology required:--Laptop and mobile device.------------Destery Hildenbrand--Learning Specialist Rockwell Collins--Destery Hildenbrand is a learning specialist with Rockwell Collins and an --adjunct instructor at Kirkwood Community College in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. He --is always exploring useful and effective ways to incorporate technology into --learning and development. With over 12 years in the training and --development industry, Destery’s main areas of focus are learning technology --integration, instructional design, and augmented reality solutions. ------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Augmented reality (AR) is a widely used technology in games,--marketing, and everyday apps, but what about learning and development? Where do--you get started? Where do you use it? How should you use it? Finding answers to--these questions can cause developers to overlook the potential this technology holds--and just how easy, effective, and affordable it can be to get started.--This session will demonstrate how easy it is to get started using--AR in development. You will be introduced to free and low-cost tools and resources--that will make developing an AR project simple, effective, and engaging. During--this session you’ll be hands-on creating an AR experience and have the opportunity--to live test some existing AR projects. You will leave this session with the working--knowledge of how to plan, build, and share an AR project with the world.--In this session, you will--learn:----The differences between augmented, mixed, and--virtual reality--About free and low-cost tools that are available--to create an AR project--What elements make a successful AR project--How to incorporate AR into your design workflow--About AR project ideas that can be implemented into--your organization--How to build an interactive AR project you can showcase--after the conference----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Google ARCore, Unity development tool, Zappar Designer, Zappar--mobile app, and Zapworks Studio.--Technology required:--Laptop and mobile device.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Destery Hildenbrand--Learning Specialist Rockwell Collins

SPEAKER_BIO:Destery Hildenbrand is a learning specialist with Rockwell Collins and an --adjunct instructor at Kirkwood Community College in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. He --is always exploring useful and effective ways to incorporate technology into --learning and development. With over 12 years in the training and --development industry, Destery’s main areas of focus are learning technology --integration, instructional design, and augmented reality solutions. ",BYOD: Engaging Tech: Getting Started with Augmented Reality - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:211 Creating Effective Leadership Development Programs and Measuring Impact------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Mobile----------Andros AB------------Development programs are often measured though goals and end-of-year--reviews, leaving little or no opportunity for coaching or on-the-job training to--develop leadership competencies. Opportunities exist to coach and develop leadership--competencies daily, but the gap is unidentifiable without any assessment or observation.--In this session, you will learn to use surveys and interviews--to find direct linkage from leadership competencies to on-the-job tasks and actions--as a means for creating precise learning objectives to develop in-role and pre-role--leadership. These objectives are then used to create an observation app for mobile--devices and a quick reference on-the-job training tool to provide development plans--and tracking of progress. The tracking app links back to a larger program level--evaluation to show the impact of the entire program.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to structure a complete 360 formative evaluation--The technique of creating direct measurable linkage--from development to competencies--How to partner with team members to assess and evaluate--impact and effectiveness--How to utilize a mobile app using SharePoint and--PowerApps for observations--How to devise a method for on-the-job opportunities--linked to leadership competencies--How to evaluate individual performers and developmental--programs simultaneously through a single analytic device----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Microsoft SharePoint, PowerApps, Power BI, and the iPhone.------------James Rossillo--Senior Instructional Designer Southern California Edison--James Rossillo is a senior instructional designer with Southern California Edison. He has been creating multimedia content for over 20 years and has over 15 years of experience with instructional design. Previously, James has worked with Homeland Security and the Department of Defense as a contractor.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Development programs are often measured though goals and end-of-year--reviews, leaving little or no opportunity for coaching or on-the-job training to--develop leadership competencies. Opportunities exist to coach and develop leadership--competencies daily, but the gap is unidentifiable without any assessment or observation.--In this session, you will learn to use surveys and interviews--to find direct linkage from leadership competencies to on-the-job tasks and actions--as a means for creating precise learning objectives to develop in-role and pre-role--leadership. These objectives are then used to create an observation app for mobile--devices and a quick reference on-the-job training tool to provide development plans--and tracking of progress. The tracking app links back to a larger program level--evaluation to show the impact of the entire program.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to structure a complete 360 formative evaluation--The technique of creating direct measurable linkage--from development to competencies--How to partner with team members to assess and evaluate--impact and effectiveness--How to utilize a mobile app using SharePoint and--PowerApps for observations--How to devise a method for on-the-job opportunities--linked to leadership competencies--How to evaluate individual performers and developmental--programs simultaneously through a single analytic device----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Microsoft SharePoint, PowerApps, Power BI, and the iPhone.,

SPEAKER_NAME:James Rossillo--Senior Instructional Designer Southern California Edison

SPEAKER_BIO:James Rossillo is a senior instructional designer with Southern California Edison. He has been creating multimedia content for over 20 years and has over 15 years of experience with instructional design. Previously, James has worked with Homeland Security and the Department of Defense as a contractor.",Creating Effective Leadership Development Programs and Measuring Impact - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:212 Design Models for Interactive Video in a Learning Context------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Video & Media----------Jamaica AB------------Interactive video often has a wow factor that’s hard to deny.--What’s critical for L&D, though, is thinking beyond the wow factor to ensure--interactive video truly supports learning and performance improvement. Interactive--video offers a range of design models, each with different strengths. Understanding--how to align those strengths to different learning needs simplifies your design--process, reduces development costs, and produces the best results for your organization.--This session will explore the range of interactive video options--commonly seen and used, in order to build a reference framework. You’ll discover--how these models can then be applied to different types of learning needs, contexts,--and situations to take advantage of each model’s strengths. You’ll also work through--instructional design strategies for each model to help you begin your planning and--design work. And you’ll gain a range of practical tips to help you make your designs--come to life with the best possible results for your organization.--In this session, you will--learn:----About the design models commonly used for interactive--video--How these models can support different learning needs--and contexts--Instructional design and planning strategies for--each design model--Practical design and creation tips that help speed--up the creation process and improve the end-result learning experience----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:----Interactive video examples, as well as some related--authoring and delivery tools.------------Paul Schneider--SVP Business Development dominKnow--Paul Schneider, the senior vice president of business development for dominKnow Learning Systems, has worked in the area of distance communication technologies in academia and corporate for over 18 years, primarily focusing on distance learning. Paul has provided services in most areas of learning, including instructional design, distance education, mobile training, and performance support. He currently oversees operations and business development at dominKnow Learning Systems. Paul holds a PhD in counseling psychology from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Interactive video often has a wow factor that’s hard to deny.--What’s critical for L&D, though, is thinking beyond the wow factor to ensure--interactive video truly supports learning and performance improvement. Interactive--video offers a range of design models, each with different strengths. Understanding--how to align those strengths to different learning needs simplifies your design--process, reduces development costs, and produces the best results for your organization.--This session will explore the range of interactive video options--commonly seen and used, in order to build a reference framework. You’ll discover--how these models can then be applied to different types of learning needs, contexts,--and situations to take advantage of each model’s strengths. You’ll also work through--instructional design strategies for each model to help you begin your planning and--design work. And you’ll gain a range of practical tips to help you make your designs--come to life with the best possible results for your organization.--In this session, you will--learn:----About the design models commonly used for interactive--video--How these models can support different learning needs--and contexts--Instructional design and planning strategies for--each design model--Practical design and creation tips that help speed--up the creation process and improve the end-result learning experience----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:----Interactive video examples, as well as some related--authoring and delivery tools.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Paul Schneider--SVP Business Development dominKnow

SPEAKER_BIO:Paul Schneider, the senior vice president of business development for dominKnow Learning Systems, has worked in the area of distance communication technologies in academia and corporate for over 18 years, primarily focusing on distance learning. Paul has provided services in most areas of learning, including instructional design, distance education, mobile training, and performance support. He currently oversees operations and business development at dominKnow Learning Systems. Paul holds a PhD in counseling psychology from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign.",Design Models for Interactive Video in a Learning Context - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:111 Transforming Employee Orientation to an Onboarding Journey Experience ------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Management and Strategy----------Montego B------------Imagine you’re a new hire. From applying for your job to your--first day it feels like you’ve interacted with 100 people. Learning and development--is preparing to host an orientation, and so is your new team, both groups--delivering different messages and experiences. At Booz Allen, L&D was--delivering orientation, not onboarding, and the business was experiencing an unacceptable--level of attrition. A new approach was needed.--In this case-study session, you will learn how Booz Allen--leadership’s step to reexamine its employee value proposition and give--ownership of the firm’s Workday Onboarding process to L&D lead to the--change from a weekly orientation to a cohesive year-long onboarding experience--beginning at offer letter acceptance. You’ll explore how technology, marketing,--and communications strategies can be used to create the right engagement points--from offer through the end of first year. You’ll learn how to connect content--across a year and deliver consistent messages about the organizations’ employee--value proposition.--In--this session, you will learn:----How learning and development can--influence other business processes--How defining a purpose for Workday--Onboarding enables a streamlined pre-onboarding experience--Ways in which applying branding--strategies can energize your instructional design--How virtual reality and videos can be--used to engage new hires and tell the organizational story----Audience:----Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs,--executives, etc.). --Technology--discussed in this session:--Workday, videos, virtual reality,--Degreed.------------------Alexa Krezel--Senior Learning Strategist Booz Allen Hamilton--Alexa Krezel is a senior learning strategist at Booz Allen Hamilton. She has more than 10 years of experience in the learning and development industry, with areas of focus that include instructional design, delivering virtual learning experiences, and change management. At Booz Allen, she leads the design of the firm’s onboarding program. Alexa has a master’s degree in instructional design from the University of Maryland, Baltimore County.------------------Tina Ayres--Global Onboarding Program Manager and Sr. Learning Strategist Booz Allen Hamilton--Tina Ayres, the global onboarding program manager and senior learning strategist at Booz Allen Hamilton, leads onboarding for nearly 7,000 new hires annually. She has 14 years of management consulting, talent development, and operations management experience. With a specialization in developing blended learning frameworks, she most recently completely reimagined the Booz Allen new hire learner experience. In her early career at Booz Allen, she served as a sourcing team lead, where she led numerous talent acquisition and development projects in the areas of analytics, consulting, engineering, and science to meet the surging demand for new management consulting capabilities. Tina holds a bachelor of science degree in psychology from James Madison University and a Kirkpatrick Certificate in evaluation methodology.------------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Imagine you’re a new hire. From applying for your job to your--first day it feels like you’ve interacted with 100 people. Learning and development--is preparing to host an orientation, and so is your new team, both groups--delivering different messages and experiences. At Booz Allen, L&D was--delivering orientation, not onboarding, and the business was experiencing an unacceptable--level of attrition. A new approach was needed.--In this case-study session, you will learn how Booz Allen--leadership’s step to reexamine its employee value proposition and give--ownership of the firm’s Workday Onboarding process to L&D lead to the--change from a weekly orientation to a cohesive year-long onboarding experience--beginning at offer letter acceptance. You’ll explore how technology, marketing,--and communications strategies can be used to create the right engagement points--from offer through the end of first year. You’ll learn how to connect content--across a year and deliver consistent messages about the organizations’ employee--value proposition.--In--this session, you will learn:----How learning and development can--influence other business processes--How defining a purpose for Workday--Onboarding enables a streamlined pre-onboarding experience--Ways in which applying branding--strategies can energize your instructional design--How virtual reality and videos can be--used to engage new hires and tell the organizational story----Audience:----Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs,--executives, etc.). --Technology--discussed in this session:--Workday, videos, virtual reality,--Degreed.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Tina Ayres--Global Onboarding Program Manager and Sr. Learning Strategist Booz Allen Hamilton

SPEAKER_BIO:Tina Ayres, the global onboarding program manager and senior learning strategist at Booz Allen Hamilton, leads onboarding for nearly 7,000 new hires annually. She has 14 years of management consulting, talent development, and operations management experience. With a specialization in developing blended learning frameworks, she most recently completely reimagined the Booz Allen new hire learner experience. In her early career at Booz Allen, she served as a sourcing team lead, where she led numerous talent acquisition and development projects in the areas of analytics, consulting, engineering, and science to meet the surging demand for new management consulting capabilities. Tina holds a bachelor of science degree in psychology from James Madison University and a Kirkpatrick Certificate in evaluation methodology.",Transforming Employee Orientation to an Onboarding Journey Experience - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:214 Making Friends with Illustrator and Photoshop: Tips for eLearning Designers------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Video & Media----------St. Thomas B------------How often do you source a near-perfect image that you want to--manipulate to meet your needs, but don’t know how? Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop--are powerful tools for manipulating and creating images and design assets, yet many--eLearning designers find them intimidating to approach. Rather than a shotgun approach--to learning how to use the software, eLearning designers need to target the tricks--that best work for them!--In this session, you will learn how to overcome your fear of--Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop to become a visual design asset guru. Using these--top tips, you will be able to curate ideal stock illustrations, photographs,--and EPS and PSD files to modify in order to create your own design assets. You’ll--be guided through the process of finding images suitable for editing, and you’ll--learn how to import, crop, add, erase, merge, flatten, and export your way to a--visual design masterpiece!--In this session, you will--learn:----How to recognize image file formats and understand--their implications--How to remove backgrounds--How to crop out unwanted elements while maintaining--the integrity of the overall image--How to combine more than one image--How to color-correct--How to add simple effects--How to import and export images----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, and image stock sites--(e.g., Dreamstime and Freepik).------------Kataryna Nemethy--eLearning Developer/Instructional Designer Baycrest Health Sciences--Kataryna Nemethy is an eLearning developer and instructional designer at --Baycrest Health Sciences with years of experience in eLearning, instructional --design, and educational technologies. As a formally trained biomedical --illustrator and animator, she is passionate about the interface between --education, technology, and design—particularly when they come together to --produce a simple, effective, and good-looking product. ------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:How often do you source a near-perfect image that you want to--manipulate to meet your needs, but don’t know how? Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop--are powerful tools for manipulating and creating images and design assets, yet many--eLearning designers find them intimidating to approach. Rather than a shotgun approach--to learning how to use the software, eLearning designers need to target the tricks--that best work for them!--In this session, you will learn how to overcome your fear of--Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop to become a visual design asset guru. Using these--top tips, you will be able to curate ideal stock illustrations, photographs,--and EPS and PSD files to modify in order to create your own design assets. You’ll--be guided through the process of finding images suitable for editing, and you’ll--learn how to import, crop, add, erase, merge, flatten, and export your way to a--visual design masterpiece!--In this session, you will--learn:----How to recognize image file formats and understand--their implications--How to remove backgrounds--How to crop out unwanted elements while maintaining--the integrity of the overall image--How to combine more than one image--How to color-correct--How to add simple effects--How to import and export images----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, and image stock sites--(e.g., Dreamstime and Freepik).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Kataryna Nemethy--eLearning Developer/Instructional Designer Baycrest Health Sciences

SPEAKER_BIO:Kataryna Nemethy is an eLearning developer and instructional designer at --Baycrest Health Sciences with years of experience in eLearning, instructional --design, and educational technologies. As a formally trained biomedical --illustrator and animator, she is passionate about the interface between --education, technology, and design—particularly when they come together to --produce a simple, effective, and good-looking product. ",Making Friends with Illustrator and Photoshop: Tips for eLearning Designers - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:215 BYOD: Mind-Blowing PowerPoint. No, Really!------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Tools----------Trinidad AB------------Why are most presentations so bad? Truly terrible? They’re too--wordy, text-based, and generally dull. They don’t tell stories that engage, excite,--or inspire. And they generally do little to actually help people learn. They are--linear and non-responsive, with no interaction—pretty much everything you know doesn’t--work to convey information effectively. Few people enjoy creating, delivering, or--watching PowerPoint presentations, but that can change.--This is a highly practical session where participants will work--together on creating half a dozen amazing slides that work effectively, and where--you’ll look at how to use those skills in developing your own presentations. And,--because it’s all live, you can see just how quick it is to create compelling visual--presentation content, so there’s no excuse for bullet-point slides! Don your thinking--caps, and get ready to critique some dreadful “before” slides and take part in transforming--them into truly mind-blowing presentations that will energize your audience and--make your next training course the best ever.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to create visual slides using the full range--of PowerPoint’s tools to generate your own graphics--Ways to use custom highlighting to focus attention--and make your point clearly--Techniques to tell compelling stories using animations,--from simple to sophisticated--Tricks on creating interactive visual content to--engage your audience, whether in person or online--How to develop navigable presentations so that you--can respond to your audience----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Microsoft PowerPoint.--Technology required:--Computer running PowerPoint—ideally PowerPoint 2010 or later--on Windows PC, or PowerPoint 2016 on Mac. Earlier versions will have some limited--functionality.------------Richard Goring--Director BrightCarbon--Richard Goring is a director at BrightCarbon, the specialist presentation and eLearning agency. He has helped to create thousands of presentations and coached hundreds of teams to present more effectively using visuals, diagrams, and animated sequences. He is passionate about improving the way that people present, and he believes that anyone can deliver a great presentation if given the right techniques and a bit of practice.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Why are most presentations so bad? Truly terrible? They’re too--wordy, text-based, and generally dull. They don’t tell stories that engage, excite,--or inspire. And they generally do little to actually help people learn. They are--linear and non-responsive, with no interaction—pretty much everything you know doesn’t--work to convey information effectively. Few people enjoy creating, delivering, or--watching PowerPoint presentations, but that can change.--This is a highly practical session where participants will work--together on creating half a dozen amazing slides that work effectively, and where--you’ll look at how to use those skills in developing your own presentations. And,--because it’s all live, you can see just how quick it is to create compelling visual--presentation content, so there’s no excuse for bullet-point slides! Don your thinking--caps, and get ready to critique some dreadful “before” slides and take part in transforming--them into truly mind-blowing presentations that will energize your audience and--make your next training course the best ever.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to create visual slides using the full range--of PowerPoint’s tools to generate your own graphics--Ways to use custom highlighting to focus attention--and make your point clearly--Techniques to tell compelling stories using animations,--from simple to sophisticated--Tricks on creating interactive visual content to--engage your audience, whether in person or online--How to develop navigable presentations so that you--can respond to your audience----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Microsoft PowerPoint.--Technology required:--Computer running PowerPoint—ideally PowerPoint 2010 or later--on Windows PC, or PowerPoint 2016 on Mac. Earlier versions will have some limited--functionality.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Richard Goring--Director BrightCarbon

SPEAKER_BIO:Richard Goring is a director at BrightCarbon, the specialist presentation and eLearning agency. He has helped to create thousands of presentations and coached hundreds of teams to present more effectively using visuals, diagrams, and animated sequences. He is passionate about improving the way that people present, and he believes that anyone can deliver a great presentation if given the right techniques and a bit of practice."
BYOD: Mind-Blowing PowerPoint. No, Really! - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:210 Enhancing Learning Activities Using NFC Technology------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Emerging Tech----------Montego C------------Thanks to learning technology like Articulate Storyline, you--are now able to simulate activities normally performed in person, such as role-playing--scenarios for learners. But at what cost? What is lost from the learning experience--when learners don’t interact with one another in person? What if, instead of “replacing”--these in-person activities using technology, you instead “enhanced” them using technology?--Using near-field communication technology, now you can.--In this session, you will learn how NFC technology works; how--Expedia used it to create a digital card activity to enhance role-playing customer--scenarios, and its business impact; and how you can use NFC technology to create--learning activities of your own.--In this session, you will--learn:----How NFC technology works--How it was used at Expedia to create a digital card--activity--What the business impact of that digital card activity--was--How you can use NFC technology for learning activities----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.). --Technology discussed in--this session:--Near-field communication (NFC).------ -------------------- ----------------------Jonathan Meisburg--Senior Instructional Designer Expedia--Jonathan Meisburg is a senior instructional designer at Expedia who specializes in gamification and making learning not only effective, but also fun. He has worked with technology companies such as Expedia, Valve, and Microsoft. Jonathan is passionate about what he does because he gets to combine his passion for education and creativity to create magical educational experiences that positively transform lives.------------------Kim Burgdorf--Director, Global Learning & Quality Expedia Group--Kim Burgdorf, the director of global learning and quality for Expedia Group, is an award-winning leader and learning expert with over 25 years’ experience in organizational effectiveness and business operations. She sharpened her skills at American Express, holding several senior-level positions. During her tenure there, Kim was responsible for developing and executing business and learning strategies for the premium luxury travel organization servicing platinum and Centurion Card members. At Expedia Group, Kim is responsible for strategic performance development for front-line agents and leaders in contact centers worldwide supporting Expedia.com, Hotels.com, and the Expedia Affiliate Network brands across the globe.------------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Thanks to learning technology like Articulate Storyline, you--are now able to simulate activities normally performed in person, such as role-playing--scenarios for learners. But at what cost? What is lost from the learning experience--when learners don’t interact with one another in person? What if, instead of “replacing”--these in-person activities using technology, you instead “enhanced” them using technology?--Using near-field communication technology, now you can.--In this session, you will learn how NFC technology works; how--Expedia used it to create a digital card activity to enhance role-playing customer--scenarios, and its business impact; and how you can use NFC technology to create--learning activities of your own.--In this session, you will--learn:----How NFC technology works--How it was used at Expedia to create a digital card--activity--What the business impact of that digital card activity--was--How you can use NFC technology for learning activities----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.). --Technology discussed in--this session:--Near-field communication (NFC).------ -------------------- ----


SPEAKER_NAME:Kim Burgdorf--Director, Global Learning & Quality Expedia Group"

SPEAKER_BIO:Kim Burgdorf, the director of global learning and quality for Expedia Group, is an award-winning leader and learning expert with over 25 years’ experience in organizational effectiveness and business operations. She sharpened her skills at American Express, holding several senior-level positions. During her tenure there, Kim was responsible for developing and executing business and learning strategies for the premium luxury travel organization servicing platinum and Centurion Card members. At Expedia Group, Kim is responsible for strategic performance development for front-line agents and leaders in contact centers worldwide supporting Expedia.com, Hotels.com, and the Expedia Affiliate Network brands across the globe.",Enhancing Learning Activities Using NFC Technology - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:301 Business Simulations for Learning: Strategy, Design, and Serious Play!------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Instructional Design----------Jamaica AB------------Today’s networked businesses must contend with unprecedented--levels of complexity and variety. Business simulations provide active, dynamic learning--solutions where learners can replicate realistic business environments as safe-to-fail--spaces, so learners can authentically model complex, long-term challenges and improve--their performance without any real risk. Managing the conceptual and technical load--of creating gamified simulations can be its own challenge—but this session will--show you how it’s done.--In this case study session, find out how Diageo used a data-driven--bar simulation to redefine best practice and make their highly complex net revenue--management content easy to understand and enjoyable to learn. You’ll discover how--digital simulations derived from real business data close the organizational feedback--loop and drive positive behavior change to make a real difference to bottom-line--priorities. Explore the theory and practice of how immersive, credible learning--experiences provided by this gamified simulation improved decision-making and strategy--execution across all levels of a leading global organization—and how it can work--for you.--In this session, you will--learn:----The difference between data-driven and scenario-driven--simulations--All about examples of learning simulations making--a real impact on business revenue and outcomes--The nuts and bolts of designing and planning a business--simulation—and how to make the lessons stick--The key takeaways from the development and rollout--of complex simulation projects----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Diageo NRM—a gamified bar simulation solution displayed via PC.------------------Colin Welch--Director of Product Development Brightwave Group--Colin Welch is a director of product development at Brightwave. Colin has over 15 years’ experience managing the design and development of bespoke training solutions that have a measurable impact on key business objectives. He has been responsible for managing both classroom-based training and eLearning projects and has a track record of delivering projects that meet learners’ needs with a high level of customer satisfaction.------------------Temitope Ibiyemi--Global Learning Specialist Diageo--Temitope Ibiyemi, the global learning specialist at Diageo, has over nine years of experience in the delivery of profitable business growth through the creation and execution of sales and customer marketing strategies across diverse markets. She’s currently responsible for managing the development of global learning solutions targeted at customer marketing teams across Diageo to drive a step-change in business performance.------------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Today’s networked businesses must contend with unprecedented--levels of complexity and variety. Business simulations provide active, dynamic learning--solutions where learners can replicate realistic business environments as safe-to-fail--spaces, so learners can authentically model complex, long-term challenges and improve--their performance without any real risk. Managing the conceptual and technical load--of creating gamified simulations can be its own challenge—but this session will--show you how it’s done.--In this case study session, find out how Diageo used a data-driven--bar simulation to redefine best practice and make their highly complex net revenue--management content easy to understand and enjoyable to learn. You’ll discover how--digital simulations derived from real business data close the organizational feedback--loop and drive positive behavior change to make a real difference to bottom-line--priorities. Explore the theory and practice of how immersive, credible learning--experiences provided by this gamified simulation improved decision-making and strategy--execution across all levels of a leading global organization—and how it can work--for you.--In this session, you will--learn:----The difference between data-driven and scenario-driven--simulations--All about examples of learning simulations making--a real impact on business revenue and outcomes--The nuts and bolts of designing and planning a business--simulation—and how to make the lessons stick--The key takeaways from the development and rollout--of complex simulation projects----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Diageo NRM—a gamified bar simulation solution displayed via PC.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Temitope Ibiyemi--Global Learning Specialist Diageo

SPEAKER_BIO:Temitope Ibiyemi, the global learning specialist at Diageo, has over nine years of experience in the delivery of profitable business growth through the creation and execution of sales and customer marketing strategies across diverse markets. She’s currently responsible for managing the development of global learning solutions targeted at customer marketing teams across Diageo to drive a step-change in business performance."
Business Simulations for Learning: Strategy, Design, and Serious Play! - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:302 Build, Measure, Learn: Lean UX for Instructional Design------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Instructional Design----------Montego A------------As expectations rise for the impact you create, but the timeline--for creating impact becomes shorter, it can feel like you’re scrambling to find--newer and better approaches to design. From waterfall to agile to design thinking,--there’s no shortage of methodologies to choose from, but how do you know which is--right? Is waterfall bad? Does agile equate to speed and design thinking to engagement?--Does it matter?--In this session, you’ll learn a simple framework for selecting--the best approach for the problem you want to solve, and you’ll practice applying--it to a scenario. Walk away with a set of user experience design tools that help--you identify and prioritize assumptions, conduct user-centric research, set goals--that hold your team accountable, and engage stakeholders in generating ideas.--In this session, you will--learn:----A simple framework for selecting the right design--methodology for the problem you want to solve--How to use proto-personas to synthesize user research--and articulate learner needs and goals--How to write hypothesis statements that define and--measure the outcomes your learning initiatives should achieve--A collaborative design method that engages your stakeholders--to create the best possible solution for meeting the outcomes you’ve defined----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--POP app and Google Slides.------------Becca Wilson--Program Leader, IBM Priority Programs IBM--Becca Wilson, a program leader for IBM Priority Programs is a product manager, designer, and facilitator who is passionate about helping digital teams transform the way they work. Becca has 10 years of experience in instructional design and developing blended learning strategies for Fortune 500 organizations. She currently works at IBM on the Priority Programs team, focused on addressing the scarcity of AI skills in the marketplace and accelerating the implementation of AI into business. Previously, Becca was an education product manager at General Assembly, supporting the ongoing discovery and development of scalable learning products in UX and product management. Becca is also a graphic storyteller, actively involved in communities-of-practice focused on design, technology and learning.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:As expectations rise for the impact you create, but the timeline--for creating impact becomes shorter, it can feel like you’re scrambling to find--newer and better approaches to design. From waterfall to agile to design thinking,--there’s no shortage of methodologies to choose from, but how do you know which is--right? Is waterfall bad? Does agile equate to speed and design thinking to engagement?--Does it matter?--In this session, you’ll learn a simple framework for selecting--the best approach for the problem you want to solve, and you’ll practice applying--it to a scenario. Walk away with a set of user experience design tools that help--you identify and prioritize assumptions, conduct user-centric research, set goals--that hold your team accountable, and engage stakeholders in generating ideas.--In this session, you will--learn:----A simple framework for selecting the right design--methodology for the problem you want to solve--How to use proto-personas to synthesize user research--and articulate learner needs and goals--How to write hypothesis statements that define and--measure the outcomes your learning initiatives should achieve--A collaborative design method that engages your stakeholders--to create the best possible solution for meeting the outcomes you’ve defined----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--POP app and Google Slides.


SPEAKER_NAME:Becca Wilson--Program Leader, IBM Priority Programs IBM"

SPEAKER_BIO:Becca Wilson, a program leader for IBM Priority Programs is a product manager, designer, and facilitator who is passionate about helping digital teams transform the way they work. Becca has 10 years of experience in instructional design and developing blended learning strategies for Fortune 500 organizations. She currently works at IBM on the Priority Programs team, focused on addressing the scarcity of AI skills in the marketplace and accelerating the implementation of AI into business. Previously, Becca was an education product manager at General Assembly, supporting the ongoing discovery and development of scalable learning products in UX and product management. Becca is also a graphic storyteller, actively involved in communities-of-practice focused on design, technology and learning."
Build, Measure, Learn: Lean UX for Instructional Design - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:303 Microlearning, Workplace Performance, and Compliance: Having It All------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Instructional Design----------St. Croix B------------In order to meet compliance training requirements, many organizations--subject their workforce to isolated training events. Organizations choose this approach--based on regulations that mandate training in specific topics, but this does not--translate into the workforce understanding the mandated behavior associated with--these topics. This approach persists because training engagements are easy to track--and serve as evidence for compliance even though they are not viewed as particularly--effective.--In this session, you will learn how setting the vision for a--different organizational compliance training program can ensure you get the buy-in--you need from your many stakeholders. You will learn how to translate learning objectives--within your dreaded “nexter” courses into effective animated videos. You’ll see--how a simple Storyline asset can become a performance-based assessment to provide--customized learning. Finally, you will be given suggestions for strategic communications--planning that can prevent your program from stalling out of the gate. Results of--a recent enterprise-wide implementation, which substantially reduced overhead training--costs, will also be presented.--In this session, you will--learn:----Where and when to incorporate microlearning videos--to address compliance training (and where to NOT use them)--How to integrate a performance-based assessment and--microlearning videos into your agency learning management system (LMS)--About the role strategic communication plays in the--success of your microlearning program--How to design a series of microlearning engagements--to address a particular content theme--How to engage with key stakeholders to make them--program champions--How to measure the program’s return on investment----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--GoAnimate and Articulate Storyline.------------Anne Little--Sr. Solutions Architect SAIC--Anne Little is SAIC’s Integrated Training Edge (SITE) product manager at SAIC. She has more than 20 years of training development and delivery experience, and her research interests include motivational strategies within online learning environments. Anne has designed training programs for numerous federal clients, including the Defense Acquisition University, Department of Homeland Security, Department of Energy, and the Federal Aviation Administration. Most recently, her research and development portfolio has focused on re-engineering compliance training programs. She holds a PhD in instructional technology from George Mason University.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:In order to meet compliance training requirements, many organizations--subject their workforce to isolated training events. Organizations choose this approach--based on regulations that mandate training in specific topics, but this does not--translate into the workforce understanding the mandated behavior associated with--these topics. This approach persists because training engagements are easy to track--and serve as evidence for compliance even though they are not viewed as particularly--effective.--In this session, you will learn how setting the vision for a--different organizational compliance training program can ensure you get the buy-in--you need from your many stakeholders. You will learn how to translate learning objectives--within your dreaded “nexter” courses into effective animated videos. You’ll see--how a simple Storyline asset can become a performance-based assessment to provide--customized learning. Finally, you will be given suggestions for strategic communications--planning that can prevent your program from stalling out of the gate. Results of--a recent enterprise-wide implementation, which substantially reduced overhead training--costs, will also be presented.--In this session, you will--learn:----Where and when to incorporate microlearning videos--to address compliance training (and where to NOT use them)--How to integrate a performance-based assessment and--microlearning videos into your agency learning management system (LMS)--About the role strategic communication plays in the--success of your microlearning program--How to design a series of microlearning engagements--to address a particular content theme--How to engage with key stakeholders to make them--program champions--How to measure the program’s return on investment----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--GoAnimate and Articulate Storyline.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Anne Little--Sr. Solutions Architect SAIC

SPEAKER_BIO:Anne Little is SAIC’s Integrated Training Edge (SITE) product manager at SAIC. She has more than 20 years of training development and delivery experience, and her research interests include motivational strategies within online learning environments. Anne has designed training programs for numerous federal clients, including the Defense Acquisition University, Department of Homeland Security, Department of Energy, and the Federal Aviation Administration. Most recently, her research and development portfolio has focused on re-engineering compliance training programs. She holds a PhD in instructional technology from George Mason University."
Microlearning, Workplace Performance, and Compliance: Having It All - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:304 Designing Actionable Learning for Leadership Development------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Management and Strategy----------St. Croix A------------In 2017, 73 percent of L&D respondents to a client survey--cited “application to real work” as an important characteristic of leadership development--programs, particularly as related to mid-level management. And yet many L&D--practitioners do not have a clear path to providing ways for their learners to apply--their new knowledge and skills on the job. This session will share best practices--for integrating learning with real work.--Today’s busy managers have little patience for learning something--they might use “someday.” Learners want actionable solutions to their day-to-day--challenges. But what about building capabilities that require leaders to go deeper--to learn new concepts? This session will unpack the design challenge of addressing--both conceptual and actionable learning. You’ll get access to models for integrating--learning with real work, brought to life with real examples. You’ll leave wanting--to create a library of actionable projects that you can offer to your learners.--And you’ll have a framework to integrate this approach into your measurement strategy.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to design actionable models and assignments that--integrate learning with work--What learning experiences provide immediate value--to managers--How to leverage learning design to measure meaningful--business impact--How to help learners bridge the gap between knowing--and doing----Audience: --Designers. --Technology discussed in--this session:--Brightspace Core, and Webex and other webinar platforms.------------------Louise Axon--Director, Content Strategy and Development Harvard Business Publishing--Louise Axon is a director of content strategy and development at Harvard Business Publishing, where she leads the design, development, and curation of HBP’s leadership solutions. Louise has 25 years of experience in executing strategic change and delivering business results through learning, with particular expertise in developing leaders at all levels. Prior to joining Harvard Business Publishing, Louise worked at the Forum Corporation, where she led development of the leadership portfolio and consulted on complex leadership solutions for clients.------------------Jennifer Long--Senior Manager, Programs Harvard Business Publishing--Jennifer Long is a senior manager of programs at Harvard Business Publishing, where she oversees research, design, and development for HBP’s suite of blended cohort-based leadership development offerings. Jennifer’s background is in consulting, change management, and learning and development. She is a certified professional coach (iPEC) and holds an MA in adult development and holistic coaching from Lesley University.------------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:In 2017, 73 percent of L&D respondents to a client survey--cited “application to real work” as an important characteristic of leadership development--programs, particularly as related to mid-level management. And yet many L&D--practitioners do not have a clear path to providing ways for their learners to apply--their new knowledge and skills on the job. This session will share best practices--for integrating learning with real work.--Today’s busy managers have little patience for learning something--they might use “someday.” Learners want actionable solutions to their day-to-day--challenges. But what about building capabilities that require leaders to go deeper--to learn new concepts? This session will unpack the design challenge of addressing--both conceptual and actionable learning. You’ll get access to models for integrating--learning with real work, brought to life with real examples. You’ll leave wanting--to create a library of actionable projects that you can offer to your learners.--And you’ll have a framework to integrate this approach into your measurement strategy.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to design actionable models and assignments that--integrate learning with work--What learning experiences provide immediate value--to managers--How to leverage learning design to measure meaningful--business impact--How to help learners bridge the gap between knowing--and doing----Audience: --Designers. --Technology discussed in--this session:--Brightspace Core, and Webex and other webinar platforms.


SPEAKER_NAME:Jennifer Long--Senior Manager, Programs Harvard Business Publishing"

SPEAKER_BIO:Jennifer Long is a senior manager of programs at Harvard Business Publishing, where she oversees research, design, and development for HBP’s suite of blended cohort-based leadership development offerings. Jennifer’s background is in consulting, change management, and learning and development. She is a certified professional coach (iPEC) and holds an MA in adult development and holistic coaching from Lesley University.",Designing Actionable Learning for Leadership Development - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:305 Point-of-Work = New Ground Zero for Learning ------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Management and Strategy----------Montego B------------Training alone does not drive performance—it contributes only to potential. Performance does not manifest--until learners become performers at their point-of-work (PoW). This means that--learning needs to converge with work, and doing this effectively requires--holistic learning and performance assessments at the PoW. These evolved--discovery methods then require enhanced performance consulting skills and--tactics to enable L&D solutions that are agile and responsive.--If the rules of engagement have changed, so must L&D tactics--and solutions to best serve learners and performers. In this session, you’ll--learn how to address both using a learning performance continuum spanning from point-of-entry--(PoE) to PoW. You’ll learn evolved performance consulting discovery tactics--used in a holistic, repeatable learning performance assessment methodology. You’ll--also learn how intentional design blends formal learning and performance--support assets that thread learning continuity from PoE to PoW. If we desire--agility in our workforce, L&D needs to be at least as agile and responsive--to their demands from learning to work.--In--this session, you will learn:----How to evolve your discovery tactics--to adopt a learning performance assessment methodology--How to address a learning continuum--through adopting intentional design--How to identify where embedded performance--support fits on the continuum--What to consider in the event--performance support technology is a good fit----Audience:----Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives,--etc.). --Technology--discussed in this session:--LMS/LES, portals, DPS, cloud-based digital performance support------------Gary Wise--Workforce Performance Strategist Human Performance Outfitters--Gary Wise is a workforce performance strategist for Human Performance Outfitters. A 30+ year veteran of corporate L&D, Gary has deep roots in performance support system integrations. Gary is a speaker, a blogger, and an advocate for change. He is a graduate of the University of Georgia’s Terry College of Business.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Training alone does not drive performance—it contributes only to potential. Performance does not manifest--until learners become performers at their point-of-work (PoW). This means that--learning needs to converge with work, and doing this effectively requires--holistic learning and performance assessments at the PoW. These evolved--discovery methods then require enhanced performance consulting skills and--tactics to enable L&D solutions that are agile and responsive.--If the rules of engagement have changed, so must L&D tactics--and solutions to best serve learners and performers. In this session, you’ll--learn how to address both using a learning performance continuum spanning from point-of-entry--(PoE) to PoW. You’ll learn evolved performance consulting discovery tactics--used in a holistic, repeatable learning performance assessment methodology. You’ll--also learn how intentional design blends formal learning and performance--support assets that thread learning continuity from PoE to PoW. If we desire--agility in our workforce, L&D needs to be at least as agile and responsive--to their demands from learning to work.--In--this session, you will learn:----How to evolve your discovery tactics--to adopt a learning performance assessment methodology--How to address a learning continuum--through adopting intentional design--How to identify where embedded performance--support fits on the continuum--What to consider in the event--performance support technology is a good fit----Audience:----Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives,--etc.). --Technology--discussed in this session:--LMS/LES, portals, DPS, cloud-based digital performance support,

SPEAKER_NAME:Gary Wise--Workforce Performance Strategist Human Performance Outfitters

SPEAKER_BIO:Gary Wise is a workforce performance strategist for Human Performance Outfitters. A 30+ year veteran of corporate L&D, Gary has deep roots in performance support system integrations. Gary is a speaker, a blogger, and an advocate for change. He is a graduate of the University of Georgia’s Terry College of Business.",Point-of-Work = New Ground Zero for Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:306 How Are We Measuring Learning?------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Data and Measurement----------Bermuda AB------------Often, when companies are faced with an issue or problem, the--solution they lean toward is training. With training being a billion-dollar industry,--companies invest large amounts of capital in the development of their employees.--One aspect that is often neglected, however, is measuring the impact of the training--on the employees and the company.--In this session, you will learn more about how JetBlue University--uses industry best practices to measure the effectiveness of their training, and--how the company works closely with their design and development team to improve--training programs for crew members.--In this session, you will--learn:----How JetBlue University uses survey data collection--to obtain feedback from crew members about training--How JetBlue University develops and measures crew--member learning through knowledge-based assessments--How JetBlue University develops and measures crew--member learning through skill-based assessments--How JetBlue University incorporates operational data--to measure training impact in the operation----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).------------Curran Merrigan--Senior Analyst, Assessment and Evaluation JetBlue--Curran Merrigan is a senior analyst at JetBlue. He attended graduate school at the University of Central Florida and graduated with a master of science in industrial/organizational psychology. Curran began his career with JetBlue as an analyst on the assessment, measurement, and evaluation team. He was later promoted to a senior analyst position on the same team, overseeing more of the strategic assessment of JetBlue.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Often, when companies are faced with an issue or problem, the--solution they lean toward is training. With training being a billion-dollar industry,--companies invest large amounts of capital in the development of their employees.--One aspect that is often neglected, however, is measuring the impact of the training--on the employees and the company.--In this session, you will learn more about how JetBlue University--uses industry best practices to measure the effectiveness of their training, and--how the company works closely with their design and development team to improve--training programs for crew members.--In this session, you will--learn:----How JetBlue University uses survey data collection--to obtain feedback from crew members about training--How JetBlue University develops and measures crew--member learning through knowledge-based assessments--How JetBlue University develops and measures crew--member learning through skill-based assessments--How JetBlue University incorporates operational data--to measure training impact in the operation----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).


SPEAKER_NAME:Curran Merrigan--Senior Analyst, Assessment and Evaluation JetBlue"

SPEAKER_BIO:Curran Merrigan is a senior analyst at JetBlue. He attended graduate school at the University of Central Florida and graduated with a master of science in industrial/organizational psychology. Curran began his career with JetBlue as an analyst on the assessment, measurement, and evaluation team. He was later promoted to a senior analyst position on the same team, overseeing more of the strategic assessment of JetBlue.",How Are We Measuring Learning? - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:307 Increasing Sales Through eLearning Simulations, Card Games, and Board Games------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Games and Gamification----------St. Thomas A------------You are struggling to find ways to increase sales within your--organization through learning design. Every minute a salesperson is away from selling--costs the company money. You need fast, effective, and impactful models of how to--develop sales training that works.--In this session, you will learn about three methods to create--effective sales training and positive selling outcomes. One is the example of converting--a live classroom role-play into an online simulation, which increased sales by 12--percent at a medical device company. Second is an example of how a customized card--game helped sales representatives embrace role-plays and discover how to apply the--company sales model to realistic situations. Third, you will learn how a board game--helped pharmaceutical sales representatives learn how to conduct a “whole office--call” using consultative selling techniques.--In this session, you will--learn:----The steps needed to convert a live, in-person role-play--to an online simulation--How you can use board games to teach complex systems--About the positive impact that sales simulations--and games can have on a sales force--Design principles that make sales-based learning--interventions effective----Audience: --Designers and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive,--etc.).------------Karl Kapp--Professor of Instructional Technology and Director of the Institute for Interactive Technologies Bloomsburg University--Karl M. Kapp, EdD, is a professor of instructional technology at Bloomsburg University, where he teaches game design and gamification classes. Karl also serves as the director of Bloomsburg’s Institute for Interactive Technologies. He has authored or co-authored six books, including The Gamification of Learning and Instruction. Karl is the author of two Lynda.com courses, including the Gamification of Learning. He is co-founder of the educational game company 2Klearning.com, founder of the educational consulting firm The Wisdom Learning Group, and a TEDx speaker. Karl speaks and consults internationally, helping organizations with the convergence of games, learning, and technology. --------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:You are struggling to find ways to increase sales within your--organization through learning design. Every minute a salesperson is away from selling--costs the company money. You need fast, effective, and impactful models of how to--develop sales training that works.--In this session, you will learn about three methods to create--effective sales training and positive selling outcomes. One is the example of converting--a live classroom role-play into an online simulation, which increased sales by 12--percent at a medical device company. Second is an example of how a customized card--game helped sales representatives embrace role-plays and discover how to apply the--company sales model to realistic situations. Third, you will learn how a board game--helped pharmaceutical sales representatives learn how to conduct a “whole office--call” using consultative selling techniques.--In this session, you will--learn:----The steps needed to convert a live, in-person role-play--to an online simulation--How you can use board games to teach complex systems--About the positive impact that sales simulations--and games can have on a sales force--Design principles that make sales-based learning--interventions effective----Audience: --Designers and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive,--etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Karl Kapp--Professor of Instructional Technology and Director of the Institute for Interactive Technologies Bloomsburg University

SPEAKER_BIO:Karl M. Kapp, EdD, is a professor of instructional technology at Bloomsburg University, where he teaches game design and gamification classes. Karl also serves as the director of Bloomsburg’s Institute for Interactive Technologies. He has authored or co-authored six books, including The Gamification of Learning and Instruction. Karl is the author of two Lynda.com courses, including the Gamification of Learning. He is co-founder of the educational game company 2Klearning.com, founder of the educational consulting firm The Wisdom Learning Group, and a TEDx speaker. Karl speaks and consults internationally, helping organizations with the convergence of games, learning, and technology.
Increasing Sales Through eLearning Simulations, Card Games, and Board Games - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:308 Sound and Motion: Film School Techniques for Live-Action Video Learning ------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Video & Media----------Montego DE------------You’ve started using live-action video at work. Perhaps you’ve--used it in the past but weren’t happy with the results. If this is you, you’ll agree--that using live action to tell a story with the goal of educating the viewer is--challenging. A video can just as easily distract or confuse as it can inspire and--educate. And it can be expensive to get it wrong!--In this session, you will explore how the five fundamental dimensions--of filmmaking taught at film school can be applied to creating live-action videos--for learning. You will learn how to combine your knowledge of learning principles--with some of the first principles of the film industry, and how to bake this into--your scripts to maximize the efficiency and effectiveness of how you bring your--concepts to life. Ultimately, you will learn to create more compelling live-action--learning videos.--In this session, you will--learn:----How you can use light and color to convey warm vs.--cold feelings, saving you valuable storytelling time--How to use the 2-D space of a screen to focus attention--by placing the most important information on the right--How depth and volume allow you to manipulate point--of view and angles to convey new information about characters--How to neatly control subjective time and use slow--vs. accelerated motion to create momentum--How sounds can convey time, mood, perspective, location,--and environment, among many other pieces of information, in your videos----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Video-based learning.------------------Andrew Barry--CEO Curious Lion--Andrew Barry is the CEO of Curious Lion. He is a qualified CPA and previously worked at KPMG for 12 years. During that time, he rolled out national training for over 4,000 audit professionals a year and served as a technical advisor on the International Accounting Education Standards Board. He pivoted to video-based learning when he joined Lobster Ink, a leading learning platform in the hospitality industry. There he led the development of their learning methodology, combining the best of adult learning and filmmaking. Andrew founded Curious Lion, where he and his team now create custom video-based learning solutions for clients across industries.------------------Jessica Eule--Technical Education Program Manager 1010data--Jessica Eule is the technical education program manager with 1010data, where she oversees the technical education team and has the mission of turning traditional instructor-led learning into self-service, scalable training at professional production levels. As a certified project manager, she leads a team of full-time instructional designers and producers and also oversees all externally led training development. Prior to 1010data, Jessica was the head of learning and development at IAB (Interactive Advertising Bureau) and Mediabistro, overseeing both companies’ efforts to transition from ILT to online self-service training. She began her career in journalism, working at Conde Nast for Vogue and Gourmet magazines.------------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:You’ve started using live-action video at work. Perhaps you’ve--used it in the past but weren’t happy with the results. If this is you, you’ll agree--that using live action to tell a story with the goal of educating the viewer is--challenging. A video can just as easily distract or confuse as it can inspire and--educate. And it can be expensive to get it wrong!--In this session, you will explore how the five fundamental dimensions--of filmmaking taught at film school can be applied to creating live-action videos--for learning. You will learn how to combine your knowledge of learning principles--with some of the first principles of the film industry, and how to bake this into--your scripts to maximize the efficiency and effectiveness of how you bring your--concepts to life. Ultimately, you will learn to create more compelling live-action--learning videos.--In this session, you will--learn:----How you can use light and color to convey warm vs.--cold feelings, saving you valuable storytelling time--How to use the 2-D space of a screen to focus attention--by placing the most important information on the right--How depth and volume allow you to manipulate point--of view and angles to convey new information about characters--How to neatly control subjective time and use slow--vs. accelerated motion to create momentum--How sounds can convey time, mood, perspective, location,--and environment, among many other pieces of information, in your videos----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Video-based learning.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jessica Eule--Technical Education Program Manager 1010data

SPEAKER_BIO:Jessica Eule is the technical education program manager with 1010data, where she oversees the technical education team and has the mission of turning traditional instructor-led learning into self-service, scalable training at professional production levels. As a certified project manager, she leads a team of full-time instructional designers and producers and also oversees all externally led training development. Prior to 1010data, Jessica was the head of learning and development at IAB (Interactive Advertising Bureau) and Mediabistro, overseeing both companies’ efforts to transition from ILT to online self-service training. She began her career in journalism, working at Conde Nast for Vogue and Gourmet magazines.",Sound and Motion: Film School Techniques for Live-Action Video Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:708 Simple Strategies for Solving L&D Visual Design Challenges------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Video & Media----------Barbados A------------It’s not uncommon for people in L&D to have to take on--some, if not all, of the visual design of their projects. It’s also not--uncommon for those same people to not have a background in visual design. So--what can you do if you know you want to use design more effectively in your--projects but you just aren’t sure where to start?--In this session, you’ll explore simple strategies that--anyone can use to solve the most common visual design challenges in L&D--projects. You’ll find out how considering audience, context, simplicity, and--flow can help you review your own designs and find quick ways to make them--stronger. You’ll then start applying these approaches immediately through--in-session activities where you’ll brainstorm ideas for how to rework design--don’ts into design dos.--In this session, you--will learn: ----How considering your project’s audience,--context, simplicity, and flow can give you vital clues on how to improve your--design--The basics that can help you quickly improve--your graphic design skills—including layout, font choice, color palettes,--consistency, size, and more--Simple techniques for simplifying, organizing,--and modernizing your current visual designs--How to use the strategies from this session to--critique weak designs and come up with options for improving them----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--The visual design skills shared in this session are--technology agnostic and can be used no matter what you’re designing.------------Bianca Woods--Sr. Manager of Programming The eLearning Guild--Bianca Woods is a senior manager of programming for The eLearning Guild. --With degrees in both art education and education media design and --technology, she focuses on creating practical learning experiences that take --advantage of the clarity and immersiveness that technology and good --design can offer. Bianca has years of experience in education, including --designing in-class courses, eBooks, eLearning, videos, and other media for --BMO Financial Group; creating interprofessional collaboration content for --Training Pirates; and working as a classroom teacher.------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:It’s not uncommon for people in L&D to have to take on--some, if not all, of the visual design of their projects. It’s also not--uncommon for those same people to not have a background in visual design. So--what can you do if you know you want to use design more effectively in your--projects but you just aren’t sure where to start?--In this session, you’ll explore simple strategies that--anyone can use to solve the most common visual design challenges in L&D--projects. You’ll find out how considering audience, context, simplicity, and--flow can help you review your own designs and find quick ways to make them--stronger. You’ll then start applying these approaches immediately through--in-session activities where you’ll brainstorm ideas for how to rework design--don’ts into design dos.--In this session, you--will learn: ----How considering your project’s audience,--context, simplicity, and flow can give you vital clues on how to improve your--design--The basics that can help you quickly improve--your graphic design skills—including layout, font choice, color palettes,--consistency, size, and more--Simple techniques for simplifying, organizing,--and modernizing your current visual designs--How to use the strategies from this session to--critique weak designs and come up with options for improving them----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--The visual design skills shared in this session are--technology agnostic and can be used no matter what you’re designing.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Bianca Woods--Sr. Manager of Programming The eLearning Guild

SPEAKER_BIO:Bianca Woods is a senior manager of programming for The eLearning Guild. --With degrees in both art education and education media design and --technology, she focuses on creating practical learning experiences that take --advantage of the clarity and immersiveness that technology and good --design can offer. Bianca has years of experience in education, including --designing in-class courses, eBooks, eLearning, videos, and other media for --BMO Financial Group; creating interprofessional collaboration content for --Training Pirates; and working as a classroom teacher.",Simple Strategies for Solving L&D Visual Design Challenges - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:310 Layering Captivate Advanced Actions and States------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Tools----------Barbados AB------------Getting bored with standard Adobe Captivate advanced actions--and states? Dive deep into a case study of layered advanced actions and states in--a real-world Captivate project. The project has overlay navigation screens, branching--sections, and multi-screen knowledge checks. You will learn the benefits and challenges--of each part, as well as how they might work in your projects.--In this case study session, find out how the project included--several modules with the overlay navigation template. You’ll explore how the layered--sections added to the sophisticated presentation of the content, and the issues--that arose while developing the modules. You’ll learn how the actions and states--allow users independence in exploring the interactive elements. You’ll see how the--project connected multiple Captivate files, XML elements, and PDFs to provide resources--for the users.--In this session, you will--learn:----How advanced actions and states were used in an--“explore the terms” interaction--How the main Captivate file connected to a secondary--support file for resources--How external resources were added to the project--and made available on-demand for the users--Benefits and warnings for designers and developers--in reproducing specific interactive content--Best practices for naming elements in a multi-module--interactivity----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Adobe Captivate.------------Kirsten Rourke--Speaker, Instructional Designer Rourke Training--Kirsten Rourke, an instructional designer at Rourke Training, has been a learning and development trainer and consultant for over two decades. She is an eLearning developer, public speaker, and certified technical trainer who works with a large eLearning development team. Kirsten speaks publicly and conducts training on eLearning development, Captivate, and Adobe Creative Cloud products at seminars across the country.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Getting bored with standard Adobe Captivate advanced actions--and states? Dive deep into a case study of layered advanced actions and states in--a real-world Captivate project. The project has overlay navigation screens, branching--sections, and multi-screen knowledge checks. You will learn the benefits and challenges--of each part, as well as how they might work in your projects.--In this case study session, find out how the project included--several modules with the overlay navigation template. You’ll explore how the layered--sections added to the sophisticated presentation of the content, and the issues--that arose while developing the modules. You’ll learn how the actions and states--allow users independence in exploring the interactive elements. You’ll see how the--project connected multiple Captivate files, XML elements, and PDFs to provide resources--for the users.--In this session, you will--learn:----How advanced actions and states were used in an--“explore the terms” interaction--How the main Captivate file connected to a secondary--support file for resources--How external resources were added to the project--and made available on-demand for the users--Benefits and warnings for designers and developers--in reproducing specific interactive content--Best practices for naming elements in a multi-module--interactivity----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Adobe Captivate.


SPEAKER_NAME:Kirsten Rourke--Speaker, Instructional Designer Rourke Training"

SPEAKER_BIO:Kirsten Rourke, an instructional designer at Rourke Training, has been a learning and development trainer and consultant for over two decades. She is an eLearning developer, public speaker, and certified technical trainer who works with a large eLearning development team. Kirsten speaks publicly and conducts training on eLearning development, Captivate, and Adobe Creative Cloud products at seminars across the country.",Layering Captivate Advanced Actions and States - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:712 Creating Mobile Learning in Top Authoring Tools------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Mobile----------Barbados B------------Many stakeholders want to allow learners to access courses on--their phones, and LMSs tout their ability to do that. However, it’s not as simple--as clicking “publish.” When creating or modifying eLearning courses for the phone,--there are pitfalls you must avoid to ensure an optimal learner experience.--Learn from the speakers’ mistakes as they share case studies--and best practices and offer helpful guidelines for getting buy-in, developing,--and publishing mobile-first eLearning courses using top authoring tools. You’ll--learn the difference between mobile-first and mobile-friendly, how to design based--on your goals, and communication tips for your stakeholders to ensure everyone knows--the possibilities and limitations.--In this session, you will--learn:----Recommended approaches for stakeholder communication--and how to clarify their goals for how learners access the course--How to approach the instructional and visual design--processes to ensure the best outcome for both the phone and desktop--Best practices for creating a learner-centric mobile--UI and UX--How to evaluate whether your eLearning authoring--tool will do what you want it to on the phone----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Trivantis Lectora, Articulate Rise, and wireframing tools (Balsamiq,--UX Pen, etc.).-- ------------------Jennifer Bertram--Vice President of Client Services Bottom-Line Performance--Jennifer Bertram is vice president of client services at Bottom-Line Performance, where she oversees all client project work and cross-functional project teams. She’s an award-winning instructional designer who is passionate about helping her clients meet real business needs through engaging, practical learning solutions. Jennifer has transformed BLP’s processes over the years to ensure that they are agile enough to meet the needs of clients and complex learning solutions. She has a master’s degree in adult education.--------------------Kathryn Steele--Multimedia Developer Bottom-Line Performance--Kathryn Steele is a multimedia developer at Bottom-Line Performance. She holds a master’s in media arts and science and has over 10 years of professional design experience. She specializes in creating unique learner experiences through storytelling with animations and UX/UI design principals. Kathryn also has a background in web design, front-end programming, informatics, marketing, and post-secondary education at both IUPUI and the Art Institute. She has illustrated for several key game publishers, such as Paizo Publishing, Asmodee North America, and Upperdeck (on titles for Marvel Entertainment and Game of Thrones).------------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Many stakeholders want to allow learners to access courses on--their phones, and LMSs tout their ability to do that. However, it’s not as simple--as clicking “publish.” When creating or modifying eLearning courses for the phone,--there are pitfalls you must avoid to ensure an optimal learner experience.--Learn from the speakers’ mistakes as they share case studies--and best practices and offer helpful guidelines for getting buy-in, developing,--and publishing mobile-first eLearning courses using top authoring tools. You’ll--learn the difference between mobile-first and mobile-friendly, how to design based--on your goals, and communication tips for your stakeholders to ensure everyone knows--the possibilities and limitations.--In this session, you will--learn:----Recommended approaches for stakeholder communication--and how to clarify their goals for how learners access the course--How to approach the instructional and visual design--processes to ensure the best outcome for both the phone and desktop--Best practices for creating a learner-centric mobile--UI and UX--How to evaluate whether your eLearning authoring--tool will do what you want it to on the phone----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Trivantis Lectora, Articulate Rise, and wireframing tools (Balsamiq,--UX Pen, etc.).-- ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Kathryn Steele--Multimedia Developer Bottom-Line Performance

SPEAKER_BIO:Kathryn Steele is a multimedia developer at Bottom-Line Performance. She holds a master’s in media arts and science and has over 10 years of professional design experience. She specializes in creating unique learner experiences through storytelling with animations and UX/UI design principals. Kathryn also has a background in web design, front-end programming, informatics, marketing, and post-secondary education at both IUPUI and the Art Institute. She has illustrated for several key game publishers, such as Paizo Publishing, Asmodee North America, and Upperdeck (on titles for Marvel Entertainment and Game of Thrones).",Creating Mobile Learning in Top Authoring Tools - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:312 Leveraging Virtual Reality Simulations for Leadership Development------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------AR & VR----------Antigua A------------In the 2017 LinkedIn Learning Workplace Report, employers reported--leadership skills were crucial. Yet when it comes to developing skills, many current--offerings teach what to do but lack practice in how to do it. Learners may try role-plays--or pre-recorded simulations, but are you truly moving the needle on performance?--In light of shrinking budgets, limited time, and lack of effectiveness, how can--you demonstrate impactful gains at scale?--Virtual reality (VR) simulations solve the three most compelling--training problems: cost, consistency, and impact. In this session, you’ll explore--how the emerging field of VR is used for leadership development and discover how--learning leaders use VR to realize cost savings. You’ll hear about the latest research--in VR from a leading researcher and experience an immersive, realistic learning--event in 2-D VR without leaving the room. Find out how leading corporations are--using VR simulations to provide a safe, consistent place to practice leadership--interpersonal skills at an accelerated pace with learners who are distributed across--the globe.--In this session, you will--learn:----How learning leaders are leveraging VR for cost savings--How VR content can be customized to your workplace--Why VR solves the three most compelling training--problems—cost, consistency, and impact--About the latest research and VR learning models--used by industry leaders----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--A 2-D virtual reality simulation for leadership skills development.------------Carrie Straub--Executive Director of Educational Programs and Research Mursion--Carrie Straub is the executive director of educational programs and research at Mursion, where she is responsible for leading the design of immersive learning among more than 80 partners. Carrie, a PhD, provides guidance and consultation to researchers and educators about how to best leverage VR simulations to elevate soft skills for high-stakes professions. Previously, she was research director for TeachLivE, the project that originally developed and tested the core technology utilized by Mursion. In that capacity, she planned and directed activities for a national research study to discover whether practice in VR produced measurable changes in performance.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:In the 2017 LinkedIn Learning Workplace Report, employers reported--leadership skills were crucial. Yet when it comes to developing skills, many current--offerings teach what to do but lack practice in how to do it. Learners may try role-plays--or pre-recorded simulations, but are you truly moving the needle on performance?--In light of shrinking budgets, limited time, and lack of effectiveness, how can--you demonstrate impactful gains at scale?--Virtual reality (VR) simulations solve the three most compelling--training problems: cost, consistency, and impact. In this session, you’ll explore--how the emerging field of VR is used for leadership development and discover how--learning leaders use VR to realize cost savings. You’ll hear about the latest research--in VR from a leading researcher and experience an immersive, realistic learning--event in 2-D VR without leaving the room. Find out how leading corporations are--using VR simulations to provide a safe, consistent place to practice leadership--interpersonal skills at an accelerated pace with learners who are distributed across--the globe.--In this session, you will--learn:----How learning leaders are leveraging VR for cost savings--How VR content can be customized to your workplace--Why VR solves the three most compelling training--problems—cost, consistency, and impact--About the latest research and VR learning models--used by industry leaders----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--A 2-D virtual reality simulation for leadership skills development.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Carrie Straub--Executive Director of Educational Programs and Research Mursion

SPEAKER_BIO:Carrie Straub is the executive director of educational programs and research at Mursion, where she is responsible for leading the design of immersive learning among more than 80 partners. Carrie, a PhD, provides guidance and consultation to researchers and educators about how to best leverage VR simulations to elevate soft skills for high-stakes professions. Previously, she was research director for TeachLivE, the project that originally developed and tested the core technology utilized by Mursion. In that capacity, she planned and directed activities for a national research study to discover whether practice in VR produced measurable changes in performance.",Leveraging Virtual Reality Simulations for Leadership Development - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:710 Why Companies Are Turning to VR to Improve L&D------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------AR & VR----------Montego B------------Many reports and studies claim there is dissatisfaction with--the learning function inside organizations everywhere. And as the workplace and--workforce continue to rapidly change, the need to upskill and develop employees--has never been greater. Enter VR, which has become the solution to corporate learning’s--problems. In its infancy as a new technology, VR has drastically improved the way--individuals learn information—and corporate learning has taken notice.--In this session, you will learn how employee training can be--accelerated and improved upon using VR technology. You’ll learn why some of the--world’s biggest companies are turning to VR to train and develop their workforce--and how they’re having success. This session will cover the science behind VR and--why it’s such a great fit for learning, as well as the data that proves VR to be--a highly effective learning tool. A few case studies will offer real-life examples--of how companies created, implemented, and measured VR training programs.--In this session, you will--learn:----Why companies are turning to VR as a solution, and--what business challenges VR is solving--The science of VR and why it’s disrupting traditional--learning methods--From real-life examples of VR implementations at--large corporations--How companies are measuring success of VR implementations--better than other learning programs--How to get started with VR (hint: It’s not as hard--as you think)----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Oculus Rift HMD, HTC Vive, Google Daydream, and Samsung Gear--VR.------------------Derek Belch--CEO  STRIVR--Derek Belch is the CEO of STRIVR, which he developed while he was a graduate assistant coach with the Stanford football team. He attended Stanford as an undergraduate, then business school at USC, and returned to Stanford to coach and get his master’s degree in virtual reality. This unique background gives Derek tremendous credibility across both the sports and VR worlds, which has allowed STRIVR to quickly grow into a VR business with real-world applicability.------------------Andy Kozak--Manager, College of Technical Operations JetBlue University--Andy Kozak is the manager of the College of Technical Operations at JetBlue University in Orlando, Florida and New York. The JetBlue University College of Technical Operations provides all maintenance training across the JetBlue system. Projects Andy has worked on in this role include the creation and oversite of the gateway apprentice technician program, developed to support the hiring of qualified technicians and provide a pathway for people in and outside the company who want to be a part of JetBlue in the technical operations department. Andy received his A&P certificate from Spartan School of Aeronautics in 1981, and over the past 36 years he has worked at Pan Am Express, US Airways, and JetBlue Airways.------------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Many reports and studies claim there is dissatisfaction with--the learning function inside organizations everywhere. And as the workplace and--workforce continue to rapidly change, the need to upskill and develop employees--has never been greater. Enter VR, which has become the solution to corporate learning’s--problems. In its infancy as a new technology, VR has drastically improved the way--individuals learn information—and corporate learning has taken notice.--In this session, you will learn how employee training can be--accelerated and improved upon using VR technology. You’ll learn why some of the--world’s biggest companies are turning to VR to train and develop their workforce--and how they’re having success. This session will cover the science behind VR and--why it’s such a great fit for learning, as well as the data that proves VR to be--a highly effective learning tool. A few case studies will offer real-life examples--of how companies created, implemented, and measured VR training programs.--In this session, you will--learn:----Why companies are turning to VR as a solution, and--what business challenges VR is solving--The science of VR and why it’s disrupting traditional--learning methods--From real-life examples of VR implementations at--large corporations--How companies are measuring success of VR implementations--better than other learning programs--How to get started with VR (hint: It’s not as hard--as you think)----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Oculus Rift HMD, HTC Vive, Google Daydream, and Samsung Gear--VR.


SPEAKER_NAME:Andy Kozak--Manager, College of Technical Operations JetBlue University"

SPEAKER_BIO:Andy Kozak is the manager of the College of Technical Operations at JetBlue University in Orlando, Florida and New York. The JetBlue University College of Technical Operations provides all maintenance training across the JetBlue system. Projects Andy has worked on in this role include the creation and oversite of the gateway apprentice technician program, developed to support the hiring of qualified technicians and provide a pathway for people in and outside the company who want to be a part of JetBlue in the technical operations department. Andy received his A&P certificate from Spartan School of Aeronautics in 1981, and over the past 36 years he has worked at Pan Am Express, US Airways, and JetBlue Airways.",Why Companies Are Turning to VR to Improve L&D - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:314 Scaling Personalized Learning for 1 Million Users------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Management and Strategy----------Andros AB------------It is no secret that personalized content is more relevant and--engaging. Engaging a network of different people in a world saturated with content--requires organizations to deliver relevant and personalized information at the right--time, in the right place. Travel technology behemoth Amadeus needed to engage and--connect a network of 1 million people. The team needed to renew their learning and--development strategy and get everyone onboard.--In this case study session, find out how Amadeus scaled personalized--learning, engaged users, and synchronized their global operations. You’ll explore--how the team developed and scaled their L&D strategy with a learning experience--platform, and how to overcome geographic barriers to curate personalized learning--content for an expansive global network.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to develop an L&D strategy to scale to a--million people--How to choose the right learning platform for your--specific organizational challenges--How to deliver a new learning solution and get everyone--on board--How to build an agile learning solution so it changes--as technology evolves----Audience: --Managers and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Amadeus IT and Travel Technology, and Valamis Learning--Experience Platform.------------------Rebecca Gonzalez--Head of Americas Learning Services Amadeus North America--Rebecca Gonzalez is head of Americas Learning Services at Amadeus. Of her 25 years at Amadeus, 24 have been in Learning Services, and the last 16 in a leadership role. Rebecca was part of the team that launched the first corporate online university at Amadeus in 1999, and winner of a Best in Class CUBIC award in 2006. As leaders in online learning, Amadeus North America Learning Services is driving the vision of a new, next-generation learning platform to be used by Amadeus globally.------------------Mary Brosch--Manager, Online Learning Systems Amadeus North America--Mary Brosch is a manager of online learning systems at Amadeus North America. She is the regional product owner for the Global Learning Platform, implemented with Valamis Learning Experience Platform and Liferay. She communicates with all stakeholders and is a bridge between the technical development teams and the business users, playing a key role in influencing the evolution of the learning system to provide business value. She has worked for Amadeus for over 20 years, mostly in the Learning Services department in a variety of roles from technical developer and instructional technology specialist to manager, leading the implementation of the online university.------------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:It is no secret that personalized content is more relevant and--engaging. Engaging a network of different people in a world saturated with content--requires organizations to deliver relevant and personalized information at the right--time, in the right place. Travel technology behemoth Amadeus needed to engage and--connect a network of 1 million people. The team needed to renew their learning and--development strategy and get everyone onboard.--In this case study session, find out how Amadeus scaled personalized--learning, engaged users, and synchronized their global operations. You’ll explore--how the team developed and scaled their L&D strategy with a learning experience--platform, and how to overcome geographic barriers to curate personalized learning--content for an expansive global network.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to develop an L&D strategy to scale to a--million people--How to choose the right learning platform for your--specific organizational challenges--How to deliver a new learning solution and get everyone--on board--How to build an agile learning solution so it changes--as technology evolves----Audience: --Managers and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Amadeus IT and Travel Technology, and Valamis Learning--Experience Platform.


SPEAKER_NAME:Mary Brosch--Manager, Online Learning Systems Amadeus North America"

SPEAKER_BIO:Mary Brosch is a manager of online learning systems at Amadeus North America. She is the regional product owner for the Global Learning Platform, implemented with Valamis Learning Experience Platform and Liferay. She communicates with all stakeholders and is a bridge between the technical development teams and the business users, playing a key role in influencing the evolution of the learning system to provide business value. She has worked for Amadeus for over 20 years, mostly in the Learning Services department in a variety of roles from technical developer and instructional technology specialist to manager, leading the implementation of the online university.",Scaling Personalized Learning for 1 Million Users - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:315 BYOD: Creating Engaging AR Learning Experiences on a Low Budget------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------AR & VR----------Trinidad AB------------Face-to-face learning events (meetings, onboarding, team-building,--ILT courses, etc.) are often confined to a closed space like a training room. What--if you could go beyond the room without leaving the physical space? What if you--wanted the org chart, or the company history on the wall, to come alive? What if--you could augment reality with meaningful clues to collect in order to solve a puzzle?--With low budget?--Bring your Apple or Android device! First, you will experience--a simple augmented scavenger hunt using your phone or tablet. Ordinary pictures--will come alive. In the second part of the session, you will go behind the scenes.--You will explore three applications that work together to create engaging augmented--reality learning experiences on a relatively low budget: the ClueKeeper scavenger--hunt app, the Zappar augmented reality app, and one more. At the end of the session,--the group will brainstorm some practical ideas for you to take home.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to design an augmented reality scavenger hunt--How to engage users to explore new products, intranet,--or applications in your organization--How to create an illusion of static pictures coming--alive--How to use physical cards that turn into how-to videos--in your hand----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Augmented reality (through the integration of ClueKeeper and--Zappar apps), and photo manipulation into GIFs or videos.--Technology required:--ClueKeeper app on Apple or Android devices.-- ------------Zsolt Olah--Learning Consultant Kineo--Zsolt Olah, a learning consultant at Kineo, is a strong believer in building impact, not courses. Zsolt has 20 years of experience in the learning and development space, mostly focusing on the synergy of technology and human-centered design, including game thinking. Zsolt is a frequent speaker at learning conferences on the topic of game thinking (gamification and game-based learning), and author of the book Engage the WORL&D! He’s a high-energy speaker, often leaving participants of his sessions with a renewed energy of engagement and motivation to learn more.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Face-to-face learning events (meetings, onboarding, team-building,--ILT courses, etc.) are often confined to a closed space like a training room. What--if you could go beyond the room without leaving the physical space? What if you--wanted the org chart, or the company history on the wall, to come alive? What if--you could augment reality with meaningful clues to collect in order to solve a puzzle?--With low budget?--Bring your Apple or Android device! First, you will experience--a simple augmented scavenger hunt using your phone or tablet. Ordinary pictures--will come alive. In the second part of the session, you will go behind the scenes.--You will explore three applications that work together to create engaging augmented--reality learning experiences on a relatively low budget: the ClueKeeper scavenger--hunt app, the Zappar augmented reality app, and one more. At the end of the session,--the group will brainstorm some practical ideas for you to take home.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to design an augmented reality scavenger hunt--How to engage users to explore new products, intranet,--or applications in your organization--How to create an illusion of static pictures coming--alive--How to use physical cards that turn into how-to videos--in your hand----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Augmented reality (through the integration of ClueKeeper and--Zappar apps), and photo manipulation into GIFs or videos.--Technology required:--ClueKeeper app on Apple or Android devices.-- ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Zsolt Olah--Learning Consultant Kineo

SPEAKER_BIO:Zsolt Olah, a learning consultant at Kineo, is a strong believer in building impact, not courses. Zsolt has 20 years of experience in the learning and development space, mostly focusing on the synergy of technology and human-centered design, including game thinking. Zsolt is a frequent speaker at learning conferences on the topic of game thinking (gamification and game-based learning), and author of the book Engage the WORL&D! He’s a high-energy speaker, often leaving participants of his sessions with a renewed energy of engagement and motivation to learn more.",BYOD: Creating Engaging AR Learning Experiences on a Low Budget - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:316 BYOD: Beginner’s Guide to Designing a Voice UI Learning Experience------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Emerging Tech----------Martinique AB------------In the past few years, voice user experiences—like Alexa, Google,--Cortana, and Siri—are becoming as prolific as laptops, smartphones, and tablets.--Learning professionals need to start exploring ways to effectively incorporate voice--technology into the learning ecosystem. Designing for voice interaction can be intimidating--because the tech is so new. How do you translate your existing skills in order to--create engaging voice learner experiences?--In this session, you’ll learn how to translate your existing--skills to design for a voice user interface (VUI). You will explore the basics of--VUI design, including sample dialogs, flow diagrams, prompt lists, and mocks. Then--you will apply these concepts using free tools to develop and test a VUI learning--experience that you can then use to program an interaction for a voice AI like Alexa--or Google Home. You will leave this session armed with tools that you can take back--and use immediately to prototype and demo.--In this session, you will--learn:----How smart devices like Alexa and Google Home work--at a high level--Key voice design elements and their role in the process--How to design a voice user interface learning experience--Core principles and best practices of VUI design----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--SaySpring, Echosim, Alexa SDK, and Google Voice API.--Technology required:--Laptop or iPad.------------Myra Roldan--Instructional Designer/Program Manager Amazon--Myra Roldan is an instructional designer and program manager for Amazon with over 20 years of industry experience. She works with her clients to help them change the way they think about learning, to create and deliver learning solutions that drive performance change to prepare the organization for the next generation of learners. She advocates for the creation of learner-centric learning ecosystems that integrate new and emerging technologies along with a blend of learning methodologies. Myra holds a BS in computer science, an MSEd, and an MBA.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:In the past few years, voice user experiences—like Alexa, Google,--Cortana, and Siri—are becoming as prolific as laptops, smartphones, and tablets.--Learning professionals need to start exploring ways to effectively incorporate voice--technology into the learning ecosystem. Designing for voice interaction can be intimidating--because the tech is so new. How do you translate your existing skills in order to--create engaging voice learner experiences?--In this session, you’ll learn how to translate your existing--skills to design for a voice user interface (VUI). You will explore the basics of--VUI design, including sample dialogs, flow diagrams, prompt lists, and mocks. Then--you will apply these concepts using free tools to develop and test a VUI learning--experience that you can then use to program an interaction for a voice AI like Alexa--or Google Home. You will leave this session armed with tools that you can take back--and use immediately to prototype and demo.--In this session, you will--learn:----How smart devices like Alexa and Google Home work--at a high level--Key voice design elements and their role in the process--How to design a voice user interface learning experience--Core principles and best practices of VUI design----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--SaySpring, Echosim, Alexa SDK, and Google Voice API.--Technology required:--Laptop or iPad.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Myra Roldan--Instructional Designer/Program Manager Amazon

SPEAKER_BIO:Myra Roldan is an instructional designer and program manager for Amazon with over 20 years of industry experience. She works with her clients to help them change the way they think about learning, to create and deliver learning solutions that drive performance change to prepare the organization for the next generation of learners. She advocates for the creation of learner-centric learning ecosystems that integrate new and emerging technologies along with a blend of learning methodologies. Myra holds a BS in computer science, an MSEd, and an MBA.",BYOD: Beginner’s Guide to Designing a Voice UI Learning Experience - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:401 Change Is a Journey Through Conflict: Be the Hero’s Guide------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Instructional Design----------St. Thomas A------------Have you ever been offered unsolicited advice? If so, you know--that advice received before you’re ready falls on deaf ears. The same thing happens--at work when training is offered before the need is clear. The need for change is--like a journey that your reluctant heroes face. Knowing the phases of this journey--helps you plan for guidance at the right time. Everyone knows that the Hero’s Journey--is a tool for writing good fiction stories, but what if it could be modified to--accommodate common models of conflict resolution?--In this session, you’ll design a model for helping people navigate--the difficult path of changing behavior. Heroes need a guide, but not until they’re--ready. They need time to process a call to performance. Then they’ll need to know--what they have to do and which tools will help them achieve that goal. This session--offers you the (literal) map for the journey of conflict.--In this session, you will--learn:----A model for helping people adopt new behaviors--How timing different phases of your project plays--an important role in achieving your objectives--How to balance two important factors in behavior--modification: driving forces and restraining forces--How to identify the best tools for achieving success,--some of which are neither a tangible object nor a digital solution----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).------------Katie Stroud--Master Story Crafter Incremental Success--Katie Stroud is a master story crafter at Incremental Success. Her roles in instructional design, technical writing, and consulting led her to develop a story-based approach to address the unspoken culture that lingers in every corporate initiative. The process is based on scientific studies that explain why people do what they do. It helps to find what inspires them to change behaviors in support of corporate goals. ------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Have you ever been offered unsolicited advice? If so, you know--that advice received before you’re ready falls on deaf ears. The same thing happens--at work when training is offered before the need is clear. The need for change is--like a journey that your reluctant heroes face. Knowing the phases of this journey--helps you plan for guidance at the right time. Everyone knows that the Hero’s Journey--is a tool for writing good fiction stories, but what if it could be modified to--accommodate common models of conflict resolution?--In this session, you’ll design a model for helping people navigate--the difficult path of changing behavior. Heroes need a guide, but not until they’re--ready. They need time to process a call to performance. Then they’ll need to know--what they have to do and which tools will help them achieve that goal. This session--offers you the (literal) map for the journey of conflict.--In this session, you will--learn:----A model for helping people adopt new behaviors--How timing different phases of your project plays--an important role in achieving your objectives--How to balance two important factors in behavior--modification: driving forces and restraining forces--How to identify the best tools for achieving success,--some of which are neither a tangible object nor a digital solution----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Katie Stroud--Master Story Crafter Incremental Success

SPEAKER_BIO:Katie Stroud is a master story crafter at Incremental Success. Her roles in instructional design, technical writing, and consulting led her to develop a story-based approach to address the unspoken culture that lingers in every corporate initiative. The process is based on scientific studies that explain why people do what they do. It helps to find what inspires them to change behaviors in support of corporate goals. ",Change Is a Journey Through Conflict: Be the Hero’s Guide - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:402 Wonder Woman, Wakanda, and Work: Make Your eLearning Representative------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Instructional Design----------Andros AB------------You know that most media—including eLearning—is failing at representation.--You see it every day. And not only is it leaving people out of the picture, it’s--less effective as a result. Maybe you’ve tried to make your work more inclusive--but haven’t been able to find great media, haven’t been able to convince your stakeholders,--or simply aren’t confident in navigating how to respectfully represent different--genders, ethnicities, orientations, and abilities.--In this session, you’ll explore how to make authentic representation--happen in your work and in your organization for more inclusive and effective learning--solutions. You’ll find out about methods for crafting authentic representation in--your projects and discover sources for media that can enhance that representation--even further. You’ll also discuss strategies for getting your team, partners, and/or--clients on board with how making authentic representation a priority helps both--your audience and the organization as a whole.--In this session, you will--learn:----Simple methods to incorporate better representation--in your learning solutions--Sources for media that reflect your focus on authentic,--diverse, and dignified representation--How to increase your own confidence and proficiency--in respectfully presenting characters that speak to all learners--How to promote the value of authentic representation--in your organization----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.------------------Tricia Ransom--Sr. Learning Specialist Guardian Analytics--Tricia Ransom is a senior learning specialist at Guardian --Analytics, where she designs, develops, and delivers customer --training. With over 15 years of experience as an L&D consultant, --eLearning developer, instructional designer, and facilitator, Tricia --focuses on creating short, relevant, and social learning solutions. --She holds a master’s degree in training and development from --Roosevelt University, Chicago.------------------Judy Katz--Principal Huckleberry Design Group--Judy Katz, the principal of Huckleberry Design Group, makes stuff that helps people learn. She is a strategist, designer, and developer, as well as a frequent speaker and writer. She has worked in the field of learning and development since 1997 and holds a bachelor’s degree in English from the University of Texas, an MBA from Baker University, and an MEd in instructional design with a focus on workplace learning from UMass–Boston.------------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:You know that most media—including eLearning—is failing at representation.--You see it every day. And not only is it leaving people out of the picture, it’s--less effective as a result. Maybe you’ve tried to make your work more inclusive--but haven’t been able to find great media, haven’t been able to convince your stakeholders,--or simply aren’t confident in navigating how to respectfully represent different--genders, ethnicities, orientations, and abilities.--In this session, you’ll explore how to make authentic representation--happen in your work and in your organization for more inclusive and effective learning--solutions. You’ll find out about methods for crafting authentic representation in--your projects and discover sources for media that can enhance that representation--even further. You’ll also discuss strategies for getting your team, partners, and/or--clients on board with how making authentic representation a priority helps both--your audience and the organization as a whole.--In this session, you will--learn:----Simple methods to incorporate better representation--in your learning solutions--Sources for media that reflect your focus on authentic,--diverse, and dignified representation--How to increase your own confidence and proficiency--in respectfully presenting characters that speak to all learners--How to promote the value of authentic representation--in your organization----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Judy Katz--Principal Huckleberry Design Group

SPEAKER_BIO:Judy Katz, the principal of Huckleberry Design Group, makes stuff that helps people learn. She is a strategist, designer, and developer, as well as a frequent speaker and writer. She has worked in the field of learning and development since 1997 and holds a bachelor’s degree in English from the University of Texas, an MBA from Baker University, and an MEd in instructional design with a focus on workplace learning from UMass–Boston."
Wonder Woman, Wakanda, and Work: Make Your eLearning Representative - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:403 Wired, Not Tired: Is Curation the Cure for What Ails L&D?------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Instructional Design----------Antigua A------------Content curation is rapidly becoming an essential skill for learning--professionals, but many have yet to take the step of putting it into practice. This--session will arm you with an understanding of how curation helps both you and your--organization, along with the tools and techniques you’ll need to craft your own--personalized curation system. It’s time to make curation a central part of your--digital learning toolkit.--In this session, you will learn how using curation helps you--move beyond the traditional packaging and delivery of content to provide better,--more effective and more efficient solutions for learners and stakeholders. You’ll--also find out how to create a solid content curation strategy, and explore tools--and techniques you can use to build a powerful, efficient curation workflow that--is customized to your needs and preferences.--In this session, you will--learn:----How and where to discover the most valuable content--efficiently--About crafting a content strategy plan to guide your--curation efforts--Tools and techniques for building your own personalized--content curation system--Strategies for becoming a trusted guide in your organization--and beyond----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Content curation tools—Twitter, Degreed, Refind, Nuzzle, Feedly,--Buffer, Pocket, Diigo, Zeef, etc.------------------Mike Taylor--Director of Learning Technology Mindset Digital--Mike Taylor directs learning technology and online learning at Mindset --Digital in Columbus, Ohio. He has over 20 years of experience successfully --developing and deploying a wide variety of learning strategies and --technologies. Mike holds an MBA degree from Ohio University and a --master’s degree in educational technology from San Diego State University.------------------Bianca Baumann--Director, Learning Experience Design GP Strategies Corporation--Bianca Baumann is a director of learning experience design at GP Strategies --Canada and a certified training and development professional (CTDP). She --focuses on digital education success, combining L&D, digital marketing, and --customer success to create outstanding learning experiences that stick. --Bianca spearheaded multiple projects in the marketing, financial, and events --industries and created award-winning programs along the way. She shares her --expertise in her blog and at global conferences, highlighting the importance of --including disciplines outside L&D to map out a learner journey that helps drive --performance. ------------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Content curation is rapidly becoming an essential skill for learning--professionals, but many have yet to take the step of putting it into practice. This--session will arm you with an understanding of how curation helps both you and your--organization, along with the tools and techniques you’ll need to craft your own--personalized curation system. It’s time to make curation a central part of your--digital learning toolkit.--In this session, you will learn how using curation helps you--move beyond the traditional packaging and delivery of content to provide better,--more effective and more efficient solutions for learners and stakeholders. You’ll--also find out how to create a solid content curation strategy, and explore tools--and techniques you can use to build a powerful, efficient curation workflow that--is customized to your needs and preferences.--In this session, you will--learn:----How and where to discover the most valuable content--efficiently--About crafting a content strategy plan to guide your--curation efforts--Tools and techniques for building your own personalized--content curation system--Strategies for becoming a trusted guide in your organization--and beyond----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Content curation tools—Twitter, Degreed, Refind, Nuzzle, Feedly,--Buffer, Pocket, Diigo, Zeef, etc.


SPEAKER_NAME:Bianca Baumann--Director, Learning Experience Design GP Strategies Corporation"

SPEAKER_BIO:Bianca Baumann is a director of learning experience design at GP Strategies --Canada and a certified training and development professional (CTDP). She --focuses on digital education success, combining L&D, digital marketing, and --customer success to create outstanding learning experiences that stick. --Bianca spearheaded multiple projects in the marketing, financial, and events --industries and created award-winning programs along the way. She shares her --expertise in her blog and at global conferences, highlighting the importance of --including disciplines outside L&D to map out a learner journey that helps drive --performance. "
Wired, Not Tired: Is Curation the Cure for What Ails L&D? - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:404 Emerging Skills for L&D to Enable the Future of Work------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Management and Strategy----------Montego DE------------The world is gripped by accelerated change, and the need to learn--and adapt is taking center stage; yet ironically, L&D professionals continue--to struggle for relevance and impact. Instead of being sought-after business partners,--practitioners are often marginalized as order-takers for narrow training solutions.--The challenge is one of urgent relevance as L&D must quickly learn and adapt--to better enable the future of work.--This session first identifies key trends in the future of work--that will impact you and your organization. Next, it outlines strategies that you--can prioritize to enable people amid those trends. Finally, it highlights emerging--skill clusters that you and your team require to address these challenges and stay--relevant. A must for L&D professionals wanting to boost their value by adopting--emerging, in-demand skills, the session will highlight practical strategies to upskill--and experiment in these domains. Topics include approaches to effectively contextualize,--combine, and develop capability in design thinking, data literacy, marketing, systems--design, and performance consulting.--In this session, you will--learn:----About four key trends influencing the future of work--Priority L&D strategies to enable people in that--future--About the centrality of experience design, continuous--learning, and data moving forward--About priority skill clusters to develop in yourself--and your team--About the particular competitive edge of combining--design thinking and data analytical mindsets--Simple next steps to begin upskilling yourself and--your team in various skill clusters----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Blended learning, performance ecosystems, data, and xAPI.------------Arun Pradhan--Founder Learn2LearnApp.com--Arun Pradhan is the founder of Learn2LearnApp.com, an enterprise solution for learning agility, and the performance strategist for DeakinCo, a leading provider of blended learning solutions. He has taken the lead creative role in delivering learning campaigns and performance ecosystems to Australia’s largest banks, telcos, and retailers. Arun was awarded Australia’s Learning Professional of the Year Award by the Australian Institute of Training & Development (AITD) in 2017 and the Award for Individual Excellence by the Australian eLearning Industry Association in 2015. Arun’s areas of specialization include using design thinking for performance solutions and enabling learning agility in organizations and people. ------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:The world is gripped by accelerated change, and the need to learn--and adapt is taking center stage; yet ironically, L&D professionals continue--to struggle for relevance and impact. Instead of being sought-after business partners,--practitioners are often marginalized as order-takers for narrow training solutions.--The challenge is one of urgent relevance as L&D must quickly learn and adapt--to better enable the future of work.--This session first identifies key trends in the future of work--that will impact you and your organization. Next, it outlines strategies that you--can prioritize to enable people amid those trends. Finally, it highlights emerging--skill clusters that you and your team require to address these challenges and stay--relevant. A must for L&D professionals wanting to boost their value by adopting--emerging, in-demand skills, the session will highlight practical strategies to upskill--and experiment in these domains. Topics include approaches to effectively contextualize,--combine, and develop capability in design thinking, data literacy, marketing, systems--design, and performance consulting.--In this session, you will--learn:----About four key trends influencing the future of work--Priority L&D strategies to enable people in that--future--About the centrality of experience design, continuous--learning, and data moving forward--About priority skill clusters to develop in yourself--and your team--About the particular competitive edge of combining--design thinking and data analytical mindsets--Simple next steps to begin upskilling yourself and--your team in various skill clusters----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Blended learning, performance ecosystems, data, and xAPI.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Arun Pradhan--Founder Learn2LearnApp.com

SPEAKER_BIO:Arun Pradhan is the founder of Learn2LearnApp.com, an enterprise solution for learning agility, and the performance strategist for DeakinCo, a leading provider of blended learning solutions. He has taken the lead creative role in delivering learning campaigns and performance ecosystems to Australia’s largest banks, telcos, and retailers. Arun was awarded Australia’s Learning Professional of the Year Award by the Australian Institute of Training & Development (AITD) in 2017 and the Award for Individual Excellence by the Australian eLearning Industry Association in 2015. Arun’s areas of specialization include using design thinking for performance solutions and enabling learning agility in organizations and people. ",Emerging Skills for L&D to Enable the Future of Work - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:405 An Inbound Approach to Your LMS Launch------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Management and Strategy----------Montego C------------You’ve signed the contract for your new LMS, but the hard work--is only beginning. It’s time to think like a marketer. How can you get everyone--at your company to adopt this new software? How can you help employees to think--of learning as happening outside of the classroom? --In this session, you'll learn how to use--an inbound mindset to drive adoption and engagement of your LMS. You’ll discover how to create a--learner persona and get ideas for creating a multi-channel marketing campaign that meets your learners--where they are. You’ll be inspired to--create an exciting event out of your launch date and be ready to support and--engage learners from that first moment they log in.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to research and create a learner persona for--your LMS--How to create the feeling--of an event and get people excited on launch day--How to develop a communication strategy around your--LMS launch--How you can prepare to support your learners on the--launch date so they can focus on diving into the platform----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Docebo LMS, Slack, Canva, Atlassian Confluence, and--Microsoft PowerPoint.------------Emily Ricco--L&D Manager HubSpot--Emily Ricco is the L&D manager team at HubSpot, a global software company dedicated to helping millions of organizations grow better. At HubSpot, Emily has led the movement toward multi-modality learning by infusing new technology into the way HubSpotters learn and grow. Emily has been at HubSpot since 2013 and earned her graduate certificate in instructional technology design from UMass Boston. ------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:You’ve signed the contract for your new LMS, but the hard work--is only beginning. It’s time to think like a marketer. How can you get everyone--at your company to adopt this new software? How can you help employees to think--of learning as happening outside of the classroom? --In this session, you'll learn how to use--an inbound mindset to drive adoption and engagement of your LMS. You’ll discover how to create a--learner persona and get ideas for creating a multi-channel marketing campaign that meets your learners--where they are. You’ll be inspired to--create an exciting event out of your launch date and be ready to support and--engage learners from that first moment they log in.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to research and create a learner persona for--your LMS--How to create the feeling--of an event and get people excited on launch day--How to develop a communication strategy around your--LMS launch--How you can prepare to support your learners on the--launch date so they can focus on diving into the platform----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Docebo LMS, Slack, Canva, Atlassian Confluence, and--Microsoft PowerPoint.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Emily Ricco--L&D Manager HubSpot

SPEAKER_BIO:Emily Ricco is the L&D manager team at HubSpot, a global software company dedicated to helping millions of organizations grow better. At HubSpot, Emily has led the movement toward multi-modality learning by infusing new technology into the way HubSpotters learn and grow. Emily has been at HubSpot since 2013 and earned her graduate certificate in instructional technology design from UMass Boston. ",An Inbound Approach to Your LMS Launch - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:406 Using xAPI to Personalize and Adapt Learning Content to the Learner------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Data and Measurement----------St. Croix A------------For so long, learning has been one-sided. Everyone gets the same--course and same content, no matter what they have already learned or experienced.--xAPI gives you greater details and insights into what the learner does, but where--do you go from there? How do you adjust and change content based on learners’ xAPI--history?--This session will not only cover how you can use xAPI data to--track learning activities, but also how you can pull that data into your course--to create a personalized and adaptable course that changes to fit each learner’s--needs. It gives the right content to the right person based on what you already--know about the learner.--In this session, you will--learn:----xAPI basic structure--How to send xAPI statements--How to get data back from the LRS--What you can do with that data----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--xAPI and JavaScript.------------Jeff Batt--Founder Learning Dojo--Jeff Batt is founder and trainer at Learning Dojo, a company dedicated to training you to become a software ninja in a variety of eLearning, web, and mobile software applications. Jeff has over 10 years’ experience in the digital learning and media industry. He is the manager of learning production for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, producing online training for the church worldwide. Jeff is also a regular conference speaker on eLearning technologies such as xAPI, HTML5, Articulate Storyline, Camtasia, and more.------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:For so long, learning has been one-sided. Everyone gets the same--course and same content, no matter what they have already learned or experienced.--xAPI gives you greater details and insights into what the learner does, but where--do you go from there? How do you adjust and change content based on learners’ xAPI--history?--This session will not only cover how you can use xAPI data to--track learning activities, but also how you can pull that data into your course--to create a personalized and adaptable course that changes to fit each learner’s--needs. It gives the right content to the right person based on what you already--know about the learner.--In this session, you will--learn:----xAPI basic structure--How to send xAPI statements--How to get data back from the LRS--What you can do with that data----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--xAPI and JavaScript.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jeff Batt--Founder Learning Dojo

SPEAKER_BIO:Jeff Batt is founder and trainer at Learning Dojo, a company dedicated to training you to become a software ninja in a variety of eLearning, web, and mobile software applications. Jeff has over 10 years’ experience in the digital learning and media industry. He is the manager of learning production for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, producing online training for the church worldwide. Jeff is also a regular conference speaker on eLearning technologies such as xAPI, HTML5, Articulate Storyline, Camtasia, and more.",Using xAPI to Personalize and Adapt Learning Content to the Learner - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:407 Gamification vs. Game-Based Learning------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Games and Gamification----------Montego A------------Gamification is the integration of game mechanics, or game dynamics,--into a learning experience, while game-based training can be defined as a game designed--for the purpose of solving a problem. However, these words are being used in parallel--by the industry, and it can be quite confusing. This session will explain the key--differences and definitions that can assist practitioners in ensuring they use the--wording appropriately.--This session will focus on the clarification of gamification--and game-based training. Using examples from the industry, this session will help--to explain each of the learning experiences and discuss the best practices in their--development. This will also include a breakdown of how to implement either of these--aspects into your learning experiences.--In this session, you will--learn:----The differences between gamification and game-based--learning--How to determine if someone is learning from games--When games are appropriate to use--Why games are the future of learning--Key aspects of gamification--What makes up serious games--How to implement gamification and serious games in--the workplace----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Unity, VR, AR, and badging and rewards systems. ------------Andrew Hughes--President Designing Digitally--Andrew Hughes is the president of Designing Digitally. He founded the company in 2001 and has extensive experience in the development of enterprise learning solutions for government and Fortune 1000 clients. Andrew is also a professor at the University of Cincinnati, and he has been a consultant for the Ohio Board of Regents and the US Department of Education’s Office of Innovation, where he helped to develop groundbreaking learning spaces for the K-12 sector. Andrew was named a 2016 Learning! Champion by ELearning Magazine.------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Gamification is the integration of game mechanics, or game dynamics,--into a learning experience, while game-based training can be defined as a game designed--for the purpose of solving a problem. However, these words are being used in parallel--by the industry, and it can be quite confusing. This session will explain the key--differences and definitions that can assist practitioners in ensuring they use the--wording appropriately.--This session will focus on the clarification of gamification--and game-based training. Using examples from the industry, this session will help--to explain each of the learning experiences and discuss the best practices in their--development. This will also include a breakdown of how to implement either of these--aspects into your learning experiences.--In this session, you will--learn:----The differences between gamification and game-based--learning--How to determine if someone is learning from games--When games are appropriate to use--Why games are the future of learning--Key aspects of gamification--What makes up serious games--How to implement gamification and serious games in--the workplace----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Unity, VR, AR, and badging and rewards systems. ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Andrew Hughes--President Designing Digitally

SPEAKER_BIO:Andrew Hughes is the president of Designing Digitally. He founded the company in 2001 and has extensive experience in the development of enterprise learning solutions for government and Fortune 1000 clients. Andrew is also a professor at the University of Cincinnati, and he has been a consultant for the Ohio Board of Regents and the US Department of Education’s Office of Innovation, where he helped to develop groundbreaking learning spaces for the K-12 sector. Andrew was named a 2016 Learning! Champion by ELearning Magazine.",Gamification vs. Game-Based Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:408 Getting Started with Stop-Motion Animation for eLearning------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Video & Media----------Jamaica AB------------Searching for new ways to present content in eLearning is an--ongoing challenge for most designers. Animation effects beyond the typical require--deeper thought in design, and often involve additional storyboarding. Barriers to--learning new animation software result in some designers not pursuing a more engaging--approach than typical animation effects. With new smartphone cameras, available--apps, and software, you can dramatically reduce those barriers to get started with--stop-motion animation.--In this session, participants will create a stop-motion animation--to demonstrate a simple approach and explore available tools and other techniques--to get you started. You’ll find that this technique is easy to implement in eLearning--and a great way to animate objects, such as rotating a product in 360 degrees; display--the assembly of a process without human intervention; and many other creative applications.----In this session, you will--learn:----A basic understanding of stop-motion animation techniques--Various approaches and styles of stop-motion animation--for eLearning--About multiple tools and software applications for--creating stop-motion animation--Best practices for designing stop-motion animation--and when to use----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed in--this session:--A smartphone and iPad will be used to demonstrate simple techniques--in creating a stop-motion animation.------------Kevin Thorn--Chief NuggetHead and Owner NuggetHead Studioz--Kevin Thorn is an award-winning eLearning designer and developer, consultant, and owner of NuggetHead Studioz, a boutique custom design and development studio. After retiring from the US Army, Kevin pursued a career in corporate IT and training and development. With his combined military and industry experience, Kevin started the Studioz in 2012. He works with clients in various industries. Kevin is a well-known industry speaker and trainer and a certified facilitator in LEGO Serious Play methodologies. He holds a BS in information technology management from Christian Brothers University and an MS in instructional design and technology from the University of Memphis.------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Searching for new ways to present content in eLearning is an--ongoing challenge for most designers. Animation effects beyond the typical require--deeper thought in design, and often involve additional storyboarding. Barriers to--learning new animation software result in some designers not pursuing a more engaging--approach than typical animation effects. With new smartphone cameras, available--apps, and software, you can dramatically reduce those barriers to get started with--stop-motion animation.--In this session, participants will create a stop-motion animation--to demonstrate a simple approach and explore available tools and other techniques--to get you started. You’ll find that this technique is easy to implement in eLearning--and a great way to animate objects, such as rotating a product in 360 degrees; display--the assembly of a process without human intervention; and many other creative applications.----In this session, you will--learn:----A basic understanding of stop-motion animation techniques--Various approaches and styles of stop-motion animation--for eLearning--About multiple tools and software applications for--creating stop-motion animation--Best practices for designing stop-motion animation--and when to use----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed in--this session:--A smartphone and iPad will be used to demonstrate simple techniques--in creating a stop-motion animation.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Kevin Thorn--Chief NuggetHead and Owner NuggetHead Studioz

SPEAKER_BIO:Kevin Thorn is an award-winning eLearning designer and developer, consultant, and owner of NuggetHead Studioz, a boutique custom design and development studio. After retiring from the US Army, Kevin pursued a career in corporate IT and training and development. With his combined military and industry experience, Kevin started the Studioz in 2012. He works with clients in various industries. Kevin is a well-known industry speaker and trainer and a certified facilitator in LEGO Serious Play methodologies. He holds a BS in information technology management from Christian Brothers University and an MS in instructional design and technology from the University of Memphis.",Getting Started with Stop-Motion Animation for eLearning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:409 Using Design Systems for Scalable, Accessible, Cohesive eLearning Experiences------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Development----------St. Thomas B------------Can you count how many times eLearning developers on your team--have re-created the same button? That time really adds up. You want to create high-quality--custom solutions, but they tend to take up lots of time. You’ve adopted templates,--but they just don’t cut it for all of your users’ needs. What if you could create--custom, cohesive, accessible, and high-quality learning experiences in half the--time?--In this session, you’ll learn how design systems will help your--team build faster custom solutions and still maintain high-quality work. You’ll--get to see examples of design systems, and discuss what to add into your design--system and what to leave out. Next you’ll discover how to build and maintain your--team’s design system. Finally, you’ll learn how to ensure your design system’s components--are accessible for all of your learning projects.--In this session, you will--learn:----What a design system is, with examples, and how you--can apply one on your team--How design systems help you create scalable, accessible,--cohesive learning experiences--What to include and not include in your design system--How to build and manage your own design system--How to test your design system components for accessibility----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--HTML frameworks (Jekyll, Hugo, Bootstrap) and Adobe Muse.------------Melissa Milloway--Sr. Learning Experience Designer Amazon--Melissa Milloway is a senior instructional designer at Amazon, where she specializes in designing and developing digital learning experiences. She was selected as a “30 Under 30” learning leader for Elliott Masie’s Learning 2014 conference and is also an avid blogger in the industry.------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Can you count how many times eLearning developers on your team--have re-created the same button? That time really adds up. You want to create high-quality--custom solutions, but they tend to take up lots of time. You’ve adopted templates,--but they just don’t cut it for all of your users’ needs. What if you could create--custom, cohesive, accessible, and high-quality learning experiences in half the--time?--In this session, you’ll learn how design systems will help your--team build faster custom solutions and still maintain high-quality work. You’ll--get to see examples of design systems, and discuss what to add into your design--system and what to leave out. Next you’ll discover how to build and maintain your--team’s design system. Finally, you’ll learn how to ensure your design system’s components--are accessible for all of your learning projects.--In this session, you will--learn:----What a design system is, with examples, and how you--can apply one on your team--How design systems help you create scalable, accessible,--cohesive learning experiences--What to include and not include in your design system--How to build and manage your own design system--How to test your design system components for accessibility----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--HTML frameworks (Jekyll, Hugo, Bootstrap) and Adobe Muse.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Melissa Milloway--Sr. Learning Experience Designer Amazon

SPEAKER_BIO:Melissa Milloway is a senior instructional designer at Amazon, where she specializes in designing and developing digital learning experiences. She was selected as a “30 Under 30” learning leader for Elliott Masie’s Learning 2014 conference and is also an avid blogger in the industry."
Using Design Systems for Scalable, Accessible, Cohesive eLearning Experiences - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:410 Learning Technology’s Past, Present, and Future: A Guild Master Panel------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Management and Strategy----------Bermuda AB------------Technology has shaped much of the world of education and--training for decades. Understanding the role technology plays in our work is--critical as technology continues to advance and become even more embedded into--our work. Being prepared for this emerging world won’t be easy and will require--an understanding of where we’ve been, where we are, and where we are headed.--In this session, you will join in a discussion with many of--those recognized as Guild Masters exploring the role technology plays in our--work. You will discuss the various technologies that have shifted the landscape--of organizational learning, and the common characteristics of emerging--technologies that have the potential to disrupt organizational learning. We’ve--invited all our Guild Masters to this discussion, making this super-sized panel--a conversation you won’t want to miss. --In this session, you--will learn:----How technology can disrupt organizational learning--Lessons from the past that inform how we--approach the future--The common characteristics shared by disruptive technologies--Tips for staying ahead of changes in the--learning technology landscape----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.------------------Joe Ganci--Owner eLearning Joe--Joe Ganci is the owner and president of eLearning Joe, a custom learning company. Since 1983, he has been involved in every aspect of multimedia and learning development. Joe holds a computer science degree, writes books and articles about eLearning, and is widely considered an eLearning development guru. He consults worldwide and also teaches at conferences and client sites. Joe writes tool reviews and has received several awards for his work in eLearning, including a Lifetime Achievement Award in 1999 and an eLearning Guild Master Award in 2013. His mission is to improve the quality of eLearning with practical approaches that work.------------------Marc Rosenberg--President Marc Rosenberg and Associates--Marc Rosenberg is a leading authority and author in training, organizational learning, eLearning, knowledge management, and performance improvement. He has written two best-selling books, E-Learning: Strategies for Delivering Knowledge in the Digital Age and Beyond E-Learning: Approaches and Technologies to Enhance Organizational Knowledge, Learning and Performance. “Marc My Words,” his collection of over 100 columns from 2010 through 2018, is archived online in The eLearning Guild’s magazine Learning Solutions. Marc is past president and honorary life member of the International Society for Performance Improvement, has spoken at the White House, debated eLearning’s future at Oxford University, authored over 50 articles, and is frequently quoted in major trade publications. Marc was awarded the Guild Master Award in 2013 for his accomplishments and contributions to the eLearning community.----------------------Michael Allen--CEO Allen Interactions--Michael Allen, the CEO of Allen Interactions, has had a long and lauded career --in eLearning, from his work with IBM on their Coursewriter system to his --direction of R&D for Control Data’s PLATO system to his development of --Authorware. Michael has been recognized with the most prestigious career --awards from ATD, The eLearning Guild, and many others. He holds a PhD in --educational psychology from Ohio State University, is an adjunct associate --professor at the University of Minnesota Medical School, and has authored --eight books on effective eLearning. ------------------Julie Dirksen--Instructional Strategist Usable Learning--Julie Dirksen, an instructional strategist with Usable Learning, is a consultant and instructional designer with more than 15 years’ experience creating highly interactive eLearning experiences for clients ranging from Fortune 500 companies to technology startups to grant-funded research initiatives. She’s interested in using neuroscience, change management, and persuasive technology to promote sustainable long-term learning and behavior change. Her MS degree in instructional systems technology is from Indiana University, and she’s been an adjunct faculty member at the Minneapolis College of Art and Design. She is the author of Design For How People Learn. ----------------------Jane Bozarth--Director of Research The eLearning Guild--Jane Bozarth, the director of research for The eLearning Guild, is a veteran classroom trainer who transitioned to eLearning in the late 1990s and has never looked back. In her previous job as leader of the State of North Carolina’s award-winning eLearning program, Jane specialized in finding low-cost ways of providing online training solutions. She is the author of several books, including eLearning Solutions on a Shoestring, Social Media for Trainers, and Show Your Work: The Payoffs and How-To's of Working Out Loud. Jane holds a doctorate in training and development and was awarded the Guild Master Award in 2013 for her accomplishments and contributions to the eLearning community.------------------Nick Floro--Learning Architect & CEO Sealworks Interactive Studios--Nick Floro is the president of Sealworks Interactive Studios. Nick has over 25 --years of experience developing eLearning solutions, applications, and web --platforms. He has worked with numerous Fortune 500 companies to help --them understand the technology and develop innovative solutions to help --their teams and customer base. Nick has won several awards from Apple and --Fortune 500 organizations for productions and services. He is passionate --about how design and technology can enhance learning and loves to share his --knowledge and experience to teach, inspire, and motivate participants.----------------------Robert Gadd--President OnPoint Digital--Robert Gadd is president of OnPoint Digital and responsible for the company’s vision and strategy. OnPoint’s online and mobile-enabled offerings support more than one million workers and include innovative methods for content authoring, conversion, and delivery extended with social interactions, gamification, and enterprise-grade security for workers on their device or platform of choice. Prior to OnPoint, Robert spent 10 years as CTO of Datatec Systems and president/CTO of spin-off eDeploy.com. He is a frequent speaker on learning solutions—including mobile, informal learning, xAPI, and gamification—at national and international T&D conferences.------------------David Kelly--Executive Vice President and Executive Director The eLearning Guild--David Kelly is the executive vice president and executive director of The --eLearning Guild. David has been a learning and performance consultant and --training director for more than 15 years. He is a leading voice exploring --how technology can be used to enhance training, education, learning, and --organizational performance. David is an active member of the learning --community and can frequently be found speaking at industry events. He has --contributed to organizations including ATD, eLearn Magazine, --LINGOs, and more. David is also known for his curation efforts, especially --related to conferences and events for learning and performance --professionals.------------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Technology has shaped much of the world of education and--training for decades. Understanding the role technology plays in our work is--critical as technology continues to advance and become even more embedded into--our work. Being prepared for this emerging world won’t be easy and will require--an understanding of where we’ve been, where we are, and where we are headed.--In this session, you will join in a discussion with many of--those recognized as Guild Masters exploring the role technology plays in our--work. You will discuss the various technologies that have shifted the landscape--of organizational learning, and the common characteristics of emerging--technologies that have the potential to disrupt organizational learning. We’ve--invited all our Guild Masters to this discussion, making this super-sized panel--a conversation you won’t want to miss. --In this session, you--will learn:----How technology can disrupt organizational learning--Lessons from the past that inform how we--approach the future--The common characteristics shared by disruptive technologies--Tips for staying ahead of changes in the--learning technology landscape----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.,

SPEAKER_NAME:David Kelly--Executive Vice President and Executive Director The eLearning Guild

SPEAKER_BIO:David Kelly is the executive vice president and executive director of The --eLearning Guild. David has been a learning and performance consultant and --training director for more than 15 years. He is a leading voice exploring --how technology can be used to enhance training, education, learning, and --organizational performance. David is an active member of the learning --community and can frequently be found speaking at industry events. He has --contributed to organizations including ATD, eLearn Magazine, --LINGOs, and more. David is also known for his curation efforts, especially --related to conferences and events for learning and performance --professionals."
Learning Technology’s Past, Present, and Future: A Guild Master Panel - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:411 Demystifying the LMS Selection Process------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Management and Strategy----------Montego B------------Choosing the right learning technology is a daunting task. A--bad decision could cost an organization immeasurable time and money, not to mention--the negative impact on talent development. Research shows that nearly half of organizations--are looking to choose another technology provider. Whether the system is lacking--features, is hard to use, or simply appears outdated, companies want a change.--Organizations are looking for modern, flexible systems that can--adapt to the evolving needs of the business and its learners. Join this discussion--exploring the evolving learning landscape and what it takes to select and implement--a new platform that can deliver this environment.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to identify the right requirements for choosing--a technology--The steps to building impactful use cases--Why you need to create an RFI--A technology migration framework--Practical steps to help you make a successful transition----Audience: --Intermediate to advanced managers, project managers, directors,--and executives.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Learning management systems.------------David Wentworth--Senior Learning Analyst Brandon Hall Group-- David Wentworth, senior learning analyst, Brandon Hall Group, has been a research analyst in the human-capital field since 2005, and he joined the Brandon Hall Group in early 2012. He has authored several reports and articles on various human-capital subjects with an emphasis on workforce technology and he has contributed to several published mobile-learning reports. His work has also appeared in Compensation & Benefits Review and T+D magazines.--------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Choosing the right learning technology is a daunting task. A--bad decision could cost an organization immeasurable time and money, not to mention--the negative impact on talent development. Research shows that nearly half of organizations--are looking to choose another technology provider. Whether the system is lacking--features, is hard to use, or simply appears outdated, companies want a change.--Organizations are looking for modern, flexible systems that can--adapt to the evolving needs of the business and its learners. Join this discussion--exploring the evolving learning landscape and what it takes to select and implement--a new platform that can deliver this environment.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to identify the right requirements for choosing--a technology--The steps to building impactful use cases--Why you need to create an RFI--A technology migration framework--Practical steps to help you make a successful transition----Audience: --Intermediate to advanced managers, project managers, directors,--and executives.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Learning management systems.,

SPEAKER_NAME:David Wentworth--Senior Learning Analyst Brandon Hall Group

SPEAKER_BIO: David Wentworth, senior learning analyst, Brandon Hall Group, has been a research analyst in the human-capital field since 2005, and he joined the Brandon Hall Group in early 2012. He has authored several reports and articles on various human-capital subjects with an emphasis on workforce technology and he has contributed to several published mobile-learning reports. His work has also appeared in Compensation & Benefits Review and T+D magazines.,Demystifying the LMS Selection Process - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:412 Shed Unwanted Megabytes: Tips and Tools for Reducing Media File Size------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Mobile----------Antigua B------------Are your files weighing you down? Do your courses no longer fit--on your mobile device? Are you embarrassed by unsightly buffering? It’s time to--put your files on a diet, following tried-and-true best practices. In less time--than a juice cleanse, you can have the course of your dreams.--As more and more courses are accessed remotely and via mobile--devices, it is important that your files are designed with overall size in mind.--Imagine being able to deliver robust, interactive training without sacrificing audio--or video. In this session, you’ll discover programs such as Pavtube and PicShrink,--and learn “weight-loss” secrets within familiar programs like Adobe Photoshop and--Audition. You’ll also explore the best publishing options for a fulfilling eLearning--program. Lose the megabytes, not the experience.--In this session, you will--learn:----Common compression practices for reducing overall--file size--Proper sizing of image, audio, and video files--About free and premium compression programs for all--file types--The best publish settings for major authoring tools----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Pavtube, PicShrink, Articulate Storyline, and Adobe Photoshop,--Illustrator, After Effects, Audition, and Captivate.------------Patrick Gurczynski--Digital Learning Developer ResMed--Patrick Gurczynski is a digital learning developer at ResMed. After 10 years as a sports journalist, he transitioned into eLearning in 2013. ------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Are your files weighing you down? Do your courses no longer fit--on your mobile device? Are you embarrassed by unsightly buffering? It’s time to--put your files on a diet, following tried-and-true best practices. In less time--than a juice cleanse, you can have the course of your dreams.--As more and more courses are accessed remotely and via mobile--devices, it is important that your files are designed with overall size in mind.--Imagine being able to deliver robust, interactive training without sacrificing audio--or video. In this session, you’ll discover programs such as Pavtube and PicShrink,--and learn “weight-loss” secrets within familiar programs like Adobe Photoshop and--Audition. You’ll also explore the best publishing options for a fulfilling eLearning--program. Lose the megabytes, not the experience.--In this session, you will--learn:----Common compression practices for reducing overall--file size--Proper sizing of image, audio, and video files--About free and premium compression programs for all--file types--The best publish settings for major authoring tools----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Pavtube, PicShrink, Articulate Storyline, and Adobe Photoshop,--Illustrator, After Effects, Audition, and Captivate.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Patrick Gurczynski--Digital Learning Developer ResMed

SPEAKER_BIO:Patrick Gurczynski is a digital learning developer at ResMed. After 10 years as a sports journalist, he transitioned into eLearning in 2013. ",Shed Unwanted Megabytes: Tips and Tools for Reducing Media File Size - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:413 What L&D Can Learn from Marketing’s Use of AI, AR, and Machine Learning------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Emerging Tech----------Barbados AB------------It’s no secret the marketing industry is investing millions on--emerging technology to change people’s behavior. What can L&D learn from their--endeavors? How can you capitalize on their success and failures to design learning--solutions that incorporate their best practices and are truly effective?--In this game-based session, you’ll explore the leading practices--the world’s top marketers are using in artificial intelligence, chatbots, augmented--reality, machine learning, and personalized learning. These practices are changing--behavior, and you’ll examine how you can apply them in a learning program. You’ll--see the success and mistakes that marketers have made, and you’ll apply best practices--to create effective training solutions.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to apply effective marketing best practices in--artificial intelligence and machine learning to a training program--The successful augmented reality techniques that--marketers have used to change behavior--The best practices that marketers have refined to--effectively use chatbots--How to integrate proven marketing techniques into--microlearning----Audience: --Designers and managers.------------Danielle Wallace--Founding Partner Beyond the Sky--Danielle Wallace is an instructional designer and learning director at --Beyond --the Sky, a provider of custom learning solutions. Previously, as a --marketing --executive with Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo, she learned strategic --marketing and advertising principles, which she applies to learning --and --development to create compelling breakthrough solutions. Danielle --is also a --certified training and development professional (CTDP).------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:It’s no secret the marketing industry is investing millions on--emerging technology to change people’s behavior. What can L&D learn from their--endeavors? How can you capitalize on their success and failures to design learning--solutions that incorporate their best practices and are truly effective?--In this game-based session, you’ll explore the leading practices--the world’s top marketers are using in artificial intelligence, chatbots, augmented--reality, machine learning, and personalized learning. These practices are changing--behavior, and you’ll examine how you can apply them in a learning program. You’ll--see the success and mistakes that marketers have made, and you’ll apply best practices--to create effective training solutions.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to apply effective marketing best practices in--artificial intelligence and machine learning to a training program--The successful augmented reality techniques that--marketers have used to change behavior--The best practices that marketers have refined to--effectively use chatbots--How to integrate proven marketing techniques into--microlearning----Audience: --Designers and managers.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Danielle Wallace--Founding Partner Beyond the Sky

SPEAKER_BIO:Danielle Wallace is an instructional designer and learning director at --Beyond --the Sky, a provider of custom learning solutions. Previously, as a --marketing --executive with Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo, she learned strategic --marketing and advertising principles, which she applies to learning --and --development to create compelling breakthrough solutions. Danielle --is also a --certified training and development professional (CTDP)."
What L&D Can Learn from Marketing’s Use of AI, AR, and Machine Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:414 Using Articulate Rise to Build a Responsive Microlearning Curriculum------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Tools----------St. Croix B------------For years, eLearning tools have been based on a PowerPoint-slide--paradigm. However, to be truly device independent, courses need to be responsive--and use a webpage style. Articulate Rise provides an easy-to-implement solution--that encourages microlearning. This session will discuss using Rise to implement--a full, 35-module curriculum that is both responsive and delivered in microlearning-sized--chunks. Challenges and solutions will be highlighted.--After completing this session, you will know the key advantages--of using Rise for responsive, device-independent projects. You will know the power--of using a webpage interface compared to a slide-based tool. You will explore the--interactivity types used by Rise and how to complete a quiz that can be run through--your LMS or LRS. You will be able to apply the key design considerations for microlearning--with Rise. You will be able to transition seamlessly back and forth between Rise--and the other tools used by your organization.--In this session, you will--learn:----The basics of Articulate Rise--How to apply interactions in Rise--How to customize a Rise template--How to implement microlearning for online learning--How to transition to a cloud-based eLearning development--tool--How to transition seamlessly back and forth between--Rise and other tools ----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate Rise.------------Jim Hicks--President ColinRiley--Jim Hicks, a learning experience professional at The Profession Cube, has --over 25 years of experience designing and programming learning delivered --via computer-based means. From delivering his first course via DEC VAX --minicomputers to the latest cloud-based initiatives that include mobile --delivery, Jim has experienced the good, the bad, and the ugly parts of --eLearning. He would have it no other way. Jim loves helping folks as they --feel their way through the technological maze of improving employee and --student performance. Jim’s projects always begin with a solid foundation of --instructional design. Jim holds a master’s degree in instructional systems --technology from Indiana University. ------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:For years, eLearning tools have been based on a PowerPoint-slide--paradigm. However, to be truly device independent, courses need to be responsive--and use a webpage style. Articulate Rise provides an easy-to-implement solution--that encourages microlearning. This session will discuss using Rise to implement--a full, 35-module curriculum that is both responsive and delivered in microlearning-sized--chunks. Challenges and solutions will be highlighted.--After completing this session, you will know the key advantages--of using Rise for responsive, device-independent projects. You will know the power--of using a webpage interface compared to a slide-based tool. You will explore the--interactivity types used by Rise and how to complete a quiz that can be run through--your LMS or LRS. You will be able to apply the key design considerations for microlearning--with Rise. You will be able to transition seamlessly back and forth between Rise--and the other tools used by your organization.--In this session, you will--learn:----The basics of Articulate Rise--How to apply interactions in Rise--How to customize a Rise template--How to implement microlearning for online learning--How to transition to a cloud-based eLearning development--tool--How to transition seamlessly back and forth between--Rise and other tools ----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate Rise.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jim Hicks--President ColinRiley

SPEAKER_BIO:Jim Hicks, a learning experience professional at The Profession Cube, has --over 25 years of experience designing and programming learning delivered --via computer-based means. From delivering his first course via DEC VAX --minicomputers to the latest cloud-based initiatives that include mobile --delivery, Jim has experienced the good, the bad, and the ugly parts of --eLearning. He would have it no other way. Jim loves helping folks as they --feel their way through the technological maze of improving employee and --student performance. Jim’s projects always begin with a solid foundation of --instructional design. Jim holds a master’s degree in instructional systems --technology from Indiana University. ",Using Articulate Rise to Build a Responsive Microlearning Curriculum - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:415 BYOD: Articulate Storyline 360: Let’s Get Variable!------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Tools----------Trinidad AB------------To some, variables may be an unknown function in Articulate Storyline.--Many haven’t had the opportunity to use variables, or have been confused by variables--and what they are capable of adding to the learning experience. Whatever the reason--for pleading ignorance, this session has it covered!--In this session, you’ll learn the basics of using variables in--Articulate Storyline and take your variable use to the next level by exploring how--to create some powerful interactions. By the end of this session, you’ll be using--variables as if you’d been using them your entire life. While this session focuses--on Articulate Storyline 3 and 360, most elements discussed are also present in Storyline--2.--In this session, you will--learn:----About the variables available in Articulate Storyline--About options available to you when using variables--How to use variables to control navigation--How to use variables to create a progress meter----Audience: --Designers, developers, and novice to intermediate Storyline users.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate Storyline 360 (but Storyline 3 and 2 are still relevant).--Technology required:--Laptop with Articulate Storyline 360, 3, or 2 installed--(trial versions OK).-- ------------Ashley Chiasson--Instructional Designer and eLearning Developer Ashley Chiasson Consulting--Ashley Chiasson is an instructional designer and consultant with over a decade of experience developing high-quality eLearning solutions for various clients. She holds a master’s degree in education and a bachelor of arts in linguistics and psychology. In addition to being a small-business owner, Ashley is a part-time faculty member at Mount Saint Vincent University, Canada, and is an instructional designer at Nova Scotia Community College.------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:To some, variables may be an unknown function in Articulate Storyline.--Many haven’t had the opportunity to use variables, or have been confused by variables--and what they are capable of adding to the learning experience. Whatever the reason--for pleading ignorance, this session has it covered!--In this session, you’ll learn the basics of using variables in--Articulate Storyline and take your variable use to the next level by exploring how--to create some powerful interactions. By the end of this session, you’ll be using--variables as if you’d been using them your entire life. While this session focuses--on Articulate Storyline 3 and 360, most elements discussed are also present in Storyline--2.--In this session, you will--learn:----About the variables available in Articulate Storyline--About options available to you when using variables--How to use variables to control navigation--How to use variables to create a progress meter----Audience: --Designers, developers, and novice to intermediate Storyline users.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate Storyline 360 (but Storyline 3 and 2 are still relevant).--Technology required:--Laptop with Articulate Storyline 360, 3, or 2 installed--(trial versions OK).-- ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Ashley Chiasson--Instructional Designer and eLearning Developer Ashley Chiasson Consulting

SPEAKER_BIO:Ashley Chiasson is an instructional designer and consultant with over a decade of experience developing high-quality eLearning solutions for various clients. She holds a master’s degree in education and a bachelor of arts in linguistics and psychology. In addition to being a small-business owner, Ashley is a part-time faculty member at Mount Saint Vincent University, Canada, and is an instructional designer at Nova Scotia Community College.",BYOD: Articulate Storyline 360: Let’s Get Variable! - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:416 BYOD: Introducing WebXR—a Lightweight Way for Developers to Create VR------------10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------AR & VR----------Martinique AB------------Unity and Unreal Engine create high-quality VR experiences, while--AR learning usually requires building an app. A lightweight way to create VR and--AR experiences is needed for quicker turnarounds and lower costs.----WebVR, and now WebXR, are HTML/JavaScript-based standards that--allow surprisingly simple creation of high-quality VR/AR experiences that can be--distributed via a URL. This session will introduce WebXR and walk through a simple--project with follow-up resources.--In this session, you will--learn:----About the benefits of WebXR--A workflow for how to create a WebXR project--About integration of web-based VR into mobile and--other systems--How WebXR can help make VR projects part of a “normal”--L&D workflow----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--WebXR, WebVR, HTML, mobile VR, and Samsung Odyssey (Windows Mixed--Reality).--Technology required:--Laptop, smartphone, and Google Cardboard.------------Hugh Seaton--CEO Aquinas--Hugh Seaton is the CEO of Aquinas, which he founded in 2015 with the --mission of creating the best personalized learning delivery software available. --Virtual reality has been a passion of his for years, and he now runs two major --VR meetups in NYC and is co-founder of the NYVRExpo held in the Jacob --Javits center. Prior to Aquinas, Hugh ran training at Connecticut’s largest --startup incubator while holding an adjunct professorship at Sacred Heart --University. Hugh spent the first 18 years of his career in marketing and --advertising, running data-driven campaigns in the US and China. Hugh holds --an MBA from Columbia.------<    
TIME:10:45 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Unity and Unreal Engine create high-quality VR experiences, while--AR learning usually requires building an app. A lightweight way to create VR and--AR experiences is needed for quicker turnarounds and lower costs.----WebVR, and now WebXR, are HTML/JavaScript-based standards that--allow surprisingly simple creation of high-quality VR/AR experiences that can be--distributed via a URL. This session will introduce WebXR and walk through a simple--project with follow-up resources.--In this session, you will--learn:----About the benefits of WebXR--A workflow for how to create a WebXR project--About integration of web-based VR into mobile and--other systems--How WebXR can help make VR projects part of a “normal”--L&D workflow----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--WebXR, WebVR, HTML, mobile VR, and Samsung Odyssey (Windows Mixed--Reality).--Technology required:--Laptop, smartphone, and Google Cardboard.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Hugh Seaton--CEO Aquinas

SPEAKER_BIO:Hugh Seaton is the CEO of Aquinas, which he founded in 2015 with the --mission of creating the best personalized learning delivery software available. --Virtual reality has been a passion of his for years, and he now runs two major --VR meetups in NYC and is co-founder of the NYVRExpo held in the Jacob --Javits center. Prior to Aquinas, Hugh ran training at Connecticut’s largest --startup incubator while holding an adjunct professorship at Sacred Heart --University. Hugh spent the first 18 years of his career in marketing and --advertising, running data-driven campaigns in the US and China. Hugh holds --an MBA from Columbia.",BYOD: Introducing WebXR—a Lightweight Way for Developers to Create VR - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:501 Micro vs. Macro: Which Learning Experience Works Best?------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Instructional Design----------St. Croix B------------Most L&D teams are keenly interested in exploring ways to--combine their macrolearning needs—traditional ILT classes and VILT sessions, tracked--online learning, and structured compliance programs—with microlearning initiatives--leveraging mobile, game mechanics, and social interactions. While most legacy LMS--platforms have yet to include compelling microlearning features, there are ways--to design and integrate legacy macrolearning platforms with modern microlearning--solutions to achieve tech-enhanced learning success.--It is easy to fall in love with “shiny object” solutions that--promote an “out with the old, in with the new” strategy to fix your legacy programs.--Are these new solutions really replacements for the stable, workhorse systems you--rely on to organize and track performance? In this session, you’ll discuss how striking--a balance between old and new likely represents the best approach for many companies--seeking to modernize key training programs and metrics. You’ll explore just how--legacy platforms can meld with specialized technology sets to craft purpose-built--solutions to support your current and future learning needs.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to combine your macrolearning needs with your--microlearning desires--Why the rumor of the LMS’s death (or imminent demise)--is false--About successful case studies where teams extended--the old with the new to address changing requirements and heightened use expectations--About a mixture of commercial solutions and open-source--utilities that can help you assemble your own modern learning experience platform--solution----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:----Mobile apps, social interactions, game-enabled themes,--and extensible APIs, including commercial solutions as well as open-source tools--that can enhance and extend legacy learning platforms.------------Robert Gadd--President OnPoint Digital--Robert Gadd is president of OnPoint Digital and responsible for the company’s vision and strategy. OnPoint’s online and mobile-enabled offerings support more than one million workers and include innovative methods for content authoring, conversion, and delivery extended with social interactions, gamification, and enterprise-grade security for workers on their device or platform of choice. Prior to OnPoint, Robert spent 10 years as CTO of Datatec Systems and president/CTO of spin-off eDeploy.com. He is a frequent speaker on learning solutions—including mobile, informal learning, xAPI, and gamification—at national and international T&D conferences.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Most L&D teams are keenly interested in exploring ways to--combine their macrolearning needs—traditional ILT classes and VILT sessions, tracked--online learning, and structured compliance programs—with microlearning initiatives--leveraging mobile, game mechanics, and social interactions. While most legacy LMS--platforms have yet to include compelling microlearning features, there are ways--to design and integrate legacy macrolearning platforms with modern microlearning--solutions to achieve tech-enhanced learning success.--It is easy to fall in love with “shiny object” solutions that--promote an “out with the old, in with the new” strategy to fix your legacy programs.--Are these new solutions really replacements for the stable, workhorse systems you--rely on to organize and track performance? In this session, you’ll discuss how striking--a balance between old and new likely represents the best approach for many companies--seeking to modernize key training programs and metrics. You’ll explore just how--legacy platforms can meld with specialized technology sets to craft purpose-built--solutions to support your current and future learning needs.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to combine your macrolearning needs with your--microlearning desires--Why the rumor of the LMS’s death (or imminent demise)--is false--About successful case studies where teams extended--the old with the new to address changing requirements and heightened use expectations--About a mixture of commercial solutions and open-source--utilities that can help you assemble your own modern learning experience platform--solution----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:----Mobile apps, social interactions, game-enabled themes,--and extensible APIs, including commercial solutions as well as open-source tools--that can enhance and extend legacy learning platforms.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Robert Gadd--President OnPoint Digital

SPEAKER_BIO:Robert Gadd is president of OnPoint Digital and responsible for the company’s vision and strategy. OnPoint’s online and mobile-enabled offerings support more than one million workers and include innovative methods for content authoring, conversion, and delivery extended with social interactions, gamification, and enterprise-grade security for workers on their device or platform of choice. Prior to OnPoint, Robert spent 10 years as CTO of Datatec Systems and president/CTO of spin-off eDeploy.com. He is a frequent speaker on learning solutions—including mobile, informal learning, xAPI, and gamification—at national and international T&D conferences.",Micro vs. Macro: Which Learning Experience Works Best? - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:502 Ukulele Learning: Exploring the Relationships Between Music and Learning------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Instructional Design----------Antigua A------------A large amount of research in recent years has explored the value--that music has for the brain and learning. Everyone has experienced it in some way,--be it from listening to music while studying, learning something from a catchy song,--or learning to play an instrument.--In this session, you will explore the many relationships between--music and learning. You will examine and discuss how people learn to play an instrument—there--will even be ukuleles available for some to participate hands-on—and what this might--mean for learning in general. Using the introductory ukulele lesson as a framework,--this fun session will help you explore the many ways that music impacts and enhances--learning.--In this session, you will--learn:----How music enhances learning--How people learn to play an instrument, and what--that means for learning--How music might enhance your practices--How to play a ukulele!----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, project managers, and--managers.------------------Jane Bozarth--Director of Research The eLearning Guild--Jane Bozarth, the director of research for The eLearning Guild, is a veteran classroom trainer who transitioned to eLearning in the late 1990s and has never looked back. In her previous job as leader of the State of North Carolina’s award-winning eLearning program, Jane specialized in finding low-cost ways of providing online training solutions. She is the author of several books, including eLearning Solutions on a Shoestring, Social Media for Trainers, and Show Your Work: The Payoffs and How-To's of Working Out Loud. Jane holds a doctorate in training and development and was awarded the Guild Master Award in 2013 for her accomplishments and contributions to the eLearning community.------------------Shawn Rosler--Lead Analyst/Project Manager—EHR CBT Dev Team Geisinger Health Systems--Shawn Rosler, a lead analyst and project manager for Geisinger Health --Systems, has been an instructional designer and developer of dynamic, --interactive, and highly efficient computer and web-based training for over 10 --years; he’s also a frequent contributor to industry-based publications. From --adult learning theory to the real-world application of converting instructor-led --training to a computer or web base, he is an evangelist for economic --effectiveness.------------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:A large amount of research in recent years has explored the value--that music has for the brain and learning. Everyone has experienced it in some way,--be it from listening to music while studying, learning something from a catchy song,--or learning to play an instrument.--In this session, you will explore the many relationships between--music and learning. You will examine and discuss how people learn to play an instrument—there--will even be ukuleles available for some to participate hands-on—and what this might--mean for learning in general. Using the introductory ukulele lesson as a framework,--this fun session will help you explore the many ways that music impacts and enhances--learning.--In this session, you will--learn:----How music enhances learning--How people learn to play an instrument, and what--that means for learning--How music might enhance your practices--How to play a ukulele!----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, project managers, and--managers.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Shawn Rosler--Lead Analyst/Project Manager—EHR CBT Dev Team Geisinger Health Systems

SPEAKER_BIO:Shawn Rosler, a lead analyst and project manager for Geisinger Health --Systems, has been an instructional designer and developer of dynamic, --interactive, and highly efficient computer and web-based training for over 10 --years; he’s also a frequent contributor to industry-based publications. From --adult learning theory to the real-world application of converting instructor-led --training to a computer or web base, he is an evangelist for economic --effectiveness.",Ukulele Learning: Exploring the Relationships Between Music and Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:503 Top Design Trends Influencing eLearning------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Instructional Design----------Bermuda AB------------Each day, you are exposed to various forms of media, marketing,--and design all geared to grab your attention. Specific techniques are used in almost--everything you interact with to draw you to the next item, scroll down, click here--or there, and to make that purchase, watch that video, look at that picture. Adopting--these techniques and implementing them into your eLearning designs can have a similar--engaging impact on learners.--This session will interest anyone who is designing and developing--instructional materials. It will help you understand the current trends in mainstream--media and how you can utilize this appeal to improve your own design processes.--Together, participants will explore and see how these design elements can and have--been used in eLearning development.--In this session, you will--learn:----About top design elements that are trending through--web, marketing, and graphic design media--Why these elements are important to users and designers--How you can incorporate these design trends into--your own projects--Where to find examples, inspiration, and resources--to incorporate into your own designs----Audience: --Designers, developers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.). ------------Tracy Parish--Education Technology Specialist Southlake Regional Health Centre--Tracy Parish is an education technology specialist for a Regional Health --Centre. She has a diverse educational background of computer programming, --adult educational training, eLearning design and development leading to an --instructional design career. Tracy has over 12 years of experience including --face-to-face and online instructional design, development, and project --management, as well as LMS implementation and administration. Her work --involves collaboration with various hospital SMEs leading to the creation of an --extensive catalog of content for staff and patients. Tracy is an active Articulate --Community Hero, co-host of the Toronto Storyline User Group, and the social --media/marketing director for the Canadian Elearning Conference.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Each day, you are exposed to various forms of media, marketing,--and design all geared to grab your attention. Specific techniques are used in almost--everything you interact with to draw you to the next item, scroll down, click here--or there, and to make that purchase, watch that video, look at that picture. Adopting--these techniques and implementing them into your eLearning designs can have a similar--engaging impact on learners.--This session will interest anyone who is designing and developing--instructional materials. It will help you understand the current trends in mainstream--media and how you can utilize this appeal to improve your own design processes.--Together, participants will explore and see how these design elements can and have--been used in eLearning development.--In this session, you will--learn:----About top design elements that are trending through--web, marketing, and graphic design media--Why these elements are important to users and designers--How you can incorporate these design trends into--your own projects--Where to find examples, inspiration, and resources--to incorporate into your own designs----Audience: --Designers, developers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.). ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Tracy Parish--Education Technology Specialist Southlake Regional Health Centre

SPEAKER_BIO:Tracy Parish is an education technology specialist for a Regional Health --Centre. She has a diverse educational background of computer programming, --adult educational training, eLearning design and development leading to an --instructional design career. Tracy has over 12 years of experience including --face-to-face and online instructional design, development, and project --management, as well as LMS implementation and administration. Her work --involves collaboration with various hospital SMEs leading to the creation of an --extensive catalog of content for staff and patients. Tracy is an active Articulate --Community Hero, co-host of the Toronto Storyline User Group, and the social --media/marketing director for the Canadian Elearning Conference.",Top Design Trends Influencing eLearning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:504 Working Digitally: Strategies for Moving L&D Forward------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Management and Strategy----------Andros AB------------Digital transformation is the push for most L&D organizations.--But what does it really mean? Just because you are leveraging digital technology--to develop learning assets doesn’t necessarily mean you are working in a digital--way. In many ways, today’s L&D is still “analog,” leveraging the latest technology--but traditional methodologies and working culture. You may need to not only transform--your tool set, but also your mindset and how you work.--In this session, you’ll learn the difference between “doing digital”--and “working digitally.” Everyone leverages modern digital learning technology to--design, develop, and deploy assets, but how are you collaborating? How transparent--and open is your process? Find out how to use digital toolkits empowering you to--work differently. You’ll learn strategies to identify systems that empower digital--ways of working. Culture is different in every organization, so you’ll also learn--how to either embrace or push your current culture through operation and organization.--Ultimately, you’ll discover the right way to move L&D incrementally toward a--digitally mature future.--In this session, you will--learn:----How doing digital and working digitally are different--Why working digitally is the future of L&D--How to identify the right digital strategy for your--culture--What’s next to move your organization in the right--direction----Audience: --Managers and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:----Various systems and technologies used in design,--development, and collaboration with work, including management of these.------------Sean Bengry--Director, Digital Learning Studio PwC--Sean Bengry is a director in PwC’s Digital Learning Studio. He keeps apprised of L&D trends and focuses PwC on its role in the ever-shifting state of learning culture and the intersection of technology. Sean is passionate about leveraging technology to help people find the right information they need to do their job successfully. As an active speaker and leader, his work has taken him all over the world as he continues to assist others in developing corporate learning strategy, but more importantly, changing the overall culture of learning within companies.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Digital transformation is the push for most L&D organizations.--But what does it really mean? Just because you are leveraging digital technology--to develop learning assets doesn’t necessarily mean you are working in a digital--way. In many ways, today’s L&D is still “analog,” leveraging the latest technology--but traditional methodologies and working culture. You may need to not only transform--your tool set, but also your mindset and how you work.--In this session, you’ll learn the difference between “doing digital”--and “working digitally.” Everyone leverages modern digital learning technology to--design, develop, and deploy assets, but how are you collaborating? How transparent--and open is your process? Find out how to use digital toolkits empowering you to--work differently. You’ll learn strategies to identify systems that empower digital--ways of working. Culture is different in every organization, so you’ll also learn--how to either embrace or push your current culture through operation and organization.--Ultimately, you’ll discover the right way to move L&D incrementally toward a--digitally mature future.--In this session, you will--learn:----How doing digital and working digitally are different--Why working digitally is the future of L&D--How to identify the right digital strategy for your--culture--What’s next to move your organization in the right--direction----Audience: --Managers and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:----Various systems and technologies used in design,--development, and collaboration with work, including management of these.


SPEAKER_NAME:Sean Bengry--Director, Digital Learning Studio PwC"

SPEAKER_BIO:Sean Bengry is a director in PwC’s Digital Learning Studio. He keeps apprised of L&D trends and focuses PwC on its role in the ever-shifting state of learning culture and the intersection of technology. Sean is passionate about leveraging technology to help people find the right information they need to do their job successfully. As an active speaker and leader, his work has taken him all over the world as he continues to assist others in developing corporate learning strategy, but more importantly, changing the overall culture of learning within companies.",Working Digitally: Strategies for Moving L&D Forward - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:505 Project Management Tips for Learning Professionals------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Management and Strategy----------Montego A------------Managing learning projects, even small ones, can be a complex--endeavor for learning professionals attempting to bring their courses to life. By--incorporating appropriate project management principles, instructional designers--can create a smooth process for all stakeholders involved in designing and developing--learning products to submit project deliverables on time.--Keeping track of the deliverables for a project can be cumbersome--and hectic if you do not have a process in place to manage it. In this session,--you will learn some tips for putting project management principles and processes--to work for you: to streamline the design and development of your courses, and to--keep stakeholders and subject matter experts informed and on track. You will take--a closer look at the questions you need to ask before creating a course development--timeline, and at examples of challenges that might affect production schedules or--delivery dates.--In this session, you will--learn:----Project management principles and processes to guide--your course production--Questions to consider while creating your development--timeline--From examples of challenges that affect your timeline--and what course of action to take--About simple project management platforms to use--About project documents to keep stakeholder and subject--matter experts informed and on track----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers. --Technology discussed in--this session:--Project management platforms such as Smartsheet, Wrike, Microsoft--Office 365 Planner, and Asana.------------------Rachel Moss Ellsworth--Sr. Learning and Development Specialist Daymon Interactions--Rachel Moss Ellsworth is a senior learning and development specialist at Daymon Interactions, a global leader in building successful brands and delivering high-impact experiential consumer marketing and in-store services. Rachel earned her bachelor’s degree in English from the University of California–Santa Barbara and her master’s degree in educational technology from San Diego State University. She is currently completing her dissertation in the educational technology doctoral program through the University of Florida.------------------Monica Dragonheart--Learning and Development Specialist Daymon Interactions--Monica Dragonheart is a learning and development specialist at Daymon Interactions, a global leader in building successful brands and delivering high-impact experiential consumer marketing and in-store services.------------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Managing learning projects, even small ones, can be a complex--endeavor for learning professionals attempting to bring their courses to life. By--incorporating appropriate project management principles, instructional designers--can create a smooth process for all stakeholders involved in designing and developing--learning products to submit project deliverables on time.--Keeping track of the deliverables for a project can be cumbersome--and hectic if you do not have a process in place to manage it. In this session,--you will learn some tips for putting project management principles and processes--to work for you: to streamline the design and development of your courses, and to--keep stakeholders and subject matter experts informed and on track. You will take--a closer look at the questions you need to ask before creating a course development--timeline, and at examples of challenges that might affect production schedules or--delivery dates.--In this session, you will--learn:----Project management principles and processes to guide--your course production--Questions to consider while creating your development--timeline--From examples of challenges that affect your timeline--and what course of action to take--About simple project management platforms to use--About project documents to keep stakeholder and subject--matter experts informed and on track----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers. --Technology discussed in--this session:--Project management platforms such as Smartsheet, Wrike, Microsoft--Office 365 Planner, and Asana.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Monica Dragonheart--Learning and Development Specialist Daymon Interactions

SPEAKER_BIO:Monica Dragonheart is a learning and development specialist at Daymon Interactions, a global leader in building successful brands and delivering high-impact experiential consumer marketing and in-store services.",Project Management Tips for Learning Professionals - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:506 My xAPI Year: An Implementation Story------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Data and Measurement----------Barbados AB------------xAPI holds enormous promise for bringing data-driven decision-making--to the practitioner’s level—if you can make it happen in your organization. Countless--sessions attempt to address how xAPI data can assist with ROI, but few outline an--actual implementation of xAPI from the ground up. So what does a real xAPI implementation--story look like, and what lessons can you learn from it to inform your own use of--xAPI? --In this session, you’ll hear the story of how xAPI was--implemented in a highly conservative, risk-averse industry in one year. You’ll find--out how Travelers training teams partnered to get buy-in from stakeholders, implement--projects that proved xAPI’s potential, develop apps that lowered the barrier to--entry for non-technical developers, and establish best practices for data capture.--This is a story that people looking at xAPI should hear. Learn from these successes,--avoid these mistakes, hear that it can be done, and learn how.--In this session, you will--learn:----About xAPI’s barriers to entry for non-technical--training professionals--Ways of making it easier to “do xAPI” without a lot--of technical training--About activity ID and data formulas that facilitate--reporting, reduce risk of data overlap, and align strategy at an enterprise level--About the different kinds of ROI that can be achieved--with xAPI data----Audience: --Developers, managers, senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.), and application developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:----xAPI, JavaScript, and learning record stores (LRSs).------------------Becky Goldberg--Training Manager Travelers Insurance--Rebecca Goldberg has been involved in internal training at Travelers --Insurance for more than a decade. She’s worked on all levels of --training planning, design, development, and delivery, presenting a --wide range of topics (from application training to soft-skill --development) to diverse audiences (entry-level to executive). She --strives to deliver training products that motivate learners to seek out --educational experiences, and which use technology as a tool for --increasing knowledge transfer and retention.------------------Marc Casavant--Learning Solutions Developer Travelers--Marc Casavant is a learning solutions developer at Travelers. He is a dynamic web designer-developer and graphic artist with comprehensive experience building and maintaining engaging websites and web applications. Marc is experienced in hiring, directing, and mentoring junior designers and technicians, and his extensive volunteerism has led to a passion for helping others. Responsible for creating learning solutions for the Travelers Business Insurance talent development and learning team, Marc specializes in working across multiple disciplines to craft user-centered applications.------------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:xAPI holds enormous promise for bringing data-driven decision-making--to the practitioner’s level—if you can make it happen in your organization. Countless--sessions attempt to address how xAPI data can assist with ROI, but few outline an--actual implementation of xAPI from the ground up. So what does a real xAPI implementation--story look like, and what lessons can you learn from it to inform your own use of--xAPI? --In this session, you’ll hear the story of how xAPI was--implemented in a highly conservative, risk-averse industry in one year. You’ll find--out how Travelers training teams partnered to get buy-in from stakeholders, implement--projects that proved xAPI’s potential, develop apps that lowered the barrier to--entry for non-technical developers, and establish best practices for data capture.--This is a story that people looking at xAPI should hear. Learn from these successes,--avoid these mistakes, hear that it can be done, and learn how.--In this session, you will--learn:----About xAPI’s barriers to entry for non-technical--training professionals--Ways of making it easier to “do xAPI” without a lot--of technical training--About activity ID and data formulas that facilitate--reporting, reduce risk of data overlap, and align strategy at an enterprise level--About the different kinds of ROI that can be achieved--with xAPI data----Audience: --Developers, managers, senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.), and application developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:----xAPI, JavaScript, and learning record stores (LRSs).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Marc Casavant--Learning Solutions Developer Travelers

SPEAKER_BIO:Marc Casavant is a learning solutions developer at Travelers. He is a dynamic web designer-developer and graphic artist with comprehensive experience building and maintaining engaging websites and web applications. Marc is experienced in hiring, directing, and mentoring junior designers and technicians, and his extensive volunteerism has led to a passion for helping others. Responsible for creating learning solutions for the Travelers Business Insurance talent development and learning team, Marc specializes in working across multiple disciplines to craft user-centered applications.",My xAPI Year: An Implementation Story - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:507 Developer Secrets: Avoiding Common Mistakes in Creating Serious Games------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Games and Gamification----------Antigua B------------Organizations are increasingly using serious games in their learning,--development, and assessment activities. But designing and developing custom serious--games requires a different set of skills than traditional eLearning creation. What--skills do you and your team need to create successful serious games, and what people--will you need to partner with in order to have a smooth development process? --Drawing upon experience making serious games for learning, development,--and assessment, this session will cover common mistakes organizations have made--(or allowed their developers to make) in the procurement, design, development, and--employment of serious games. You’ll then discuss the strategies for overcoming these--issues so you can lead successful serious game initiatives. --In this session, you will--learn:----Effective strategies for selecting a serious game--design and development partner--About mistakes commonly made by organizations in--scoping their serious game efforts--About the typical cycle of iteration of a serious--game design--About the stakeholders within and external to the--organization that should be consulted in a serious game employment plan----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Diverse examples of serious game design.------------Jennifer McNamara--VP Serious Games BreakAway Games--Jennifer McNamara is a vice president of serious games at BreakAway Games. She has spoken at Serious Play; the Annual Conference of the Society for Industrial and Organizational Psychology; the Interservice/Industry Training, Simulation, and Education Conference (I/ITSEC); Game Developers’ Conference; Games for Change Festival; ATD TechKnowledge; and ATP Innovations in Testing. Jenn directs the nonprofit Serious Games Showcase and Challenge. She received the Audience Choice and Game Changer awards in the Association of Test Publishers’ Innovation Lab (2017) and awards for the most innovative new product demonstrations (2016 and 2017). Jenn holds an MEd from Penn State and a BS from Drexel.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Organizations are increasingly using serious games in their learning,--development, and assessment activities. But designing and developing custom serious--games requires a different set of skills than traditional eLearning creation. What--skills do you and your team need to create successful serious games, and what people--will you need to partner with in order to have a smooth development process? --Drawing upon experience making serious games for learning, development,--and assessment, this session will cover common mistakes organizations have made--(or allowed their developers to make) in the procurement, design, development, and--employment of serious games. You’ll then discuss the strategies for overcoming these--issues so you can lead successful serious game initiatives. --In this session, you will--learn:----Effective strategies for selecting a serious game--design and development partner--About mistakes commonly made by organizations in--scoping their serious game efforts--About the typical cycle of iteration of a serious--game design--About the stakeholders within and external to the--organization that should be consulted in a serious game employment plan----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Diverse examples of serious game design.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jennifer McNamara--VP Serious Games BreakAway Games

SPEAKER_BIO:Jennifer McNamara is a vice president of serious games at BreakAway Games. She has spoken at Serious Play; the Annual Conference of the Society for Industrial and Organizational Psychology; the Interservice/Industry Training, Simulation, and Education Conference (I/ITSEC); Game Developers’ Conference; Games for Change Festival; ATD TechKnowledge; and ATP Innovations in Testing. Jenn directs the nonprofit Serious Games Showcase and Challenge. She received the Audience Choice and Game Changer awards in the Association of Test Publishers’ Innovation Lab (2017) and awards for the most innovative new product demonstrations (2016 and 2017). Jenn holds an MEd from Penn State and a BS from Drexel.",Developer Secrets: Avoiding Common Mistakes in Creating Serious Games - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:508 Making the Leap from 9 – 5 to Freelance------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Instructional Design----------St. Thomas A------------As an instructional designer or developer, do you have skills--that you don’t use in your nine-to-five job? Do you want to try something new, but--feel stuck in the day-to-day grind? You want to be your own boss, choose your own--projects, set your own hours, and remove the daily commute, but you’re not sure--how to make the leap, or you worry about how you’ll make ends meet. Sound like you?--In this session, you will hear the story of a successful jump--from a secure and stable government role with a three-hour daily commute to the--world of freelancing and self-employment. You’ll be introduced to the decision-making--and planning process that helped this developer make the leap to freelance. You’ll--explore some pre-exit best practices, and dive into some of the pitfalls of freelancing--and how you can plan for success. You will also discuss some of the lessons learned--when making the shift and explore how you can get started freelancing today.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to critically evaluate whether freelancing is--right for you--How to plan an exit strategy--About some of the pitfalls of freelancing, and how--you can avoid them--Five ways to get started freelancing--Key lessons from one developer’s leap to--freelancing----Audience: --Designers and developers. ------------Jacqueline Hutchinson--Learning Solution Designer e-Learning Pros Instructional Design--Jacqueline Hutchinson is a learning solution designer at e-Learning Pros Instructional Design. Jacqueline has been involved in L&D for more than 25 years; she began as a software trainer, taught at a college, and in the 1990s found her passion for online learning. In 2000, she discovered eLearning and LMS implementations. She spent six years as the LMS lead for the city of Toronto, where she implemented and supported an enterprise LMS for 44 business units and more than 38,000 municipal staff. Jacqueline holds a BEd (AE) from Brock University. She’s also a Lectora-certified Advanced Author and instructor. ------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:As an instructional designer or developer, do you have skills--that you don’t use in your nine-to-five job? Do you want to try something new, but--feel stuck in the day-to-day grind? You want to be your own boss, choose your own--projects, set your own hours, and remove the daily commute, but you’re not sure--how to make the leap, or you worry about how you’ll make ends meet. Sound like you?--In this session, you will hear the story of a successful jump--from a secure and stable government role with a three-hour daily commute to the--world of freelancing and self-employment. You’ll be introduced to the decision-making--and planning process that helped this developer make the leap to freelance. You’ll--explore some pre-exit best practices, and dive into some of the pitfalls of freelancing--and how you can plan for success. You will also discuss some of the lessons learned--when making the shift and explore how you can get started freelancing today.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to critically evaluate whether freelancing is--right for you--How to plan an exit strategy--About some of the pitfalls of freelancing, and how--you can avoid them--Five ways to get started freelancing--Key lessons from one developer’s leap to--freelancing----Audience: --Designers and developers. ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jacqueline Hutchinson--Learning Solution Designer e-Learning Pros Instructional Design

SPEAKER_BIO:Jacqueline Hutchinson is a learning solution designer at e-Learning Pros Instructional Design. Jacqueline has been involved in L&D for more than 25 years; she began as a software trainer, taught at a college, and in the 1990s found her passion for online learning. In 2000, she discovered eLearning and LMS implementations. She spent six years as the LMS lead for the city of Toronto, where she implemented and supported an enterprise LMS for 44 business units and more than 38,000 municipal staff. Jacqueline holds a BEd (AE) from Brock University. She’s also a Lectora-certified Advanced Author and instructor. ",Making the Leap from 9 – 5 to Freelance - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:509 The 7 Deadly Sins of Video Production------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Video & Media----------St. Thomas B------------In a landscape of increasing video creation, many learning professionals--are approaching video without formal training. This is an amazing opportunity and--challenge that brings with it the need to understand what can make videos not work.--And while video has gotten easier to create, it’s just as easy (if not easier) to--make a bad video. This session will look at seven “gotchas” that video creators--should know about.--To build your video creation skills, you need to know more than--just how your equipment works and what makes a good instructional video—you’ll also--want to uncover what problems and issues commonly arise in video production and--what you can do about them. In this session, you’ll explore seven “deadly sins”--of video creation. While they won’t kill you, they can make your production more--frustrating and your final video less effective. You’ll take a closer look at these--common video creation mistakes and find out what you can do to avoid or overcome--them.--In this session, you will--learn:----The dangers of not getting to know what your equipment--can do--Why you should avoid thinking you’ll “fix it in post”--How not to fail at framing your video--How to ensure your lighting is at its best--Why you can’t ignore your audio--Tips for keeping your video moving--How to edit with the end destination in mind----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Video creation.------------Matthew Pierce--Learning & Video Ambassador TechSmith Corporation--Matthew Pierce, a learning and video ambassador for TechSmith Corporation, is an advocate of using video for learning, marking, and communicating. Throughout Matt’s career, he has managed training, instructional design, support, public relations, social media, and video teams at TechSmith. He has also been an instructional designer. Matt regularly contributes to several online publications in the US and UK. He has an MS in instructional technology from Indiana University.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:In a landscape of increasing video creation, many learning professionals--are approaching video without formal training. This is an amazing opportunity and--challenge that brings with it the need to understand what can make videos not work.--And while video has gotten easier to create, it’s just as easy (if not easier) to--make a bad video. This session will look at seven “gotchas” that video creators--should know about.--To build your video creation skills, you need to know more than--just how your equipment works and what makes a good instructional video—you’ll also--want to uncover what problems and issues commonly arise in video production and--what you can do about them. In this session, you’ll explore seven “deadly sins”--of video creation. While they won’t kill you, they can make your production more--frustrating and your final video less effective. You’ll take a closer look at these--common video creation mistakes and find out what you can do to avoid or overcome--them.--In this session, you will--learn:----The dangers of not getting to know what your equipment--can do--Why you should avoid thinking you’ll “fix it in post”--How not to fail at framing your video--How to ensure your lighting is at its best--Why you can’t ignore your audio--Tips for keeping your video moving--How to edit with the end destination in mind----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Video creation.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Matthew Pierce--Learning & Video Ambassador TechSmith Corporation

SPEAKER_BIO:Matthew Pierce, a learning and video ambassador for TechSmith Corporation, is an advocate of using video for learning, marking, and communicating. Throughout Matt’s career, he has managed training, instructional design, support, public relations, social media, and video teams at TechSmith. He has also been an instructional designer. Matt regularly contributes to several online publications in the US and UK. He has an MS in instructional technology from Indiana University.",The 7 Deadly Sins of Video Production - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:510 VR and AR for Behavior Change------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------AR & VR----------St. Croix A------------If you got the chance to walk around experiencing the world as--a retired person, would that change your financial planning in the present? If you--got to have firsthand experience of being a patient, could that change how you treat--patients? If you were able to experience the results of a major safety catastrophe,--would that make you safer in your daily work life?--In this session, you’ll look at different examples from ongoing--research into how to use immersive learning environments to address difficult behavior--change problems. Several intriguing studies seem to suggest that having a visceral--experience may be a powerful tool for behavior change.--In this session, you will--learn:----About research efforts to use VR and AR for behavior--change--About the limitations of these efforts, and what--to be cautious of--About examples of ways to use VR for behavior change--About models for behavior change that apply to visceral--experience----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Virtual and augmented reality.------------Julie Dirksen--Instructional Strategist Usable Learning--Julie Dirksen, an instructional strategist with Usable Learning, is a consultant and instructional designer with more than 15 years’ experience creating highly interactive eLearning experiences for clients ranging from Fortune 500 companies to technology startups to grant-funded research initiatives. She’s interested in using neuroscience, change management, and persuasive technology to promote sustainable long-term learning and behavior change. Her MS degree in instructional systems technology is from Indiana University, and she’s been an adjunct faculty member at the Minneapolis College of Art and Design. She is the author of Design For How People Learn. ------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:If you got the chance to walk around experiencing the world as--a retired person, would that change your financial planning in the present? If you--got to have firsthand experience of being a patient, could that change how you treat--patients? If you were able to experience the results of a major safety catastrophe,--would that make you safer in your daily work life?--In this session, you’ll look at different examples from ongoing--research into how to use immersive learning environments to address difficult behavior--change problems. Several intriguing studies seem to suggest that having a visceral--experience may be a powerful tool for behavior change.--In this session, you will--learn:----About research efforts to use VR and AR for behavior--change--About the limitations of these efforts, and what--to be cautious of--About examples of ways to use VR for behavior change--About models for behavior change that apply to visceral--experience----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Virtual and augmented reality.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Julie Dirksen--Instructional Strategist Usable Learning

SPEAKER_BIO:Julie Dirksen, an instructional strategist with Usable Learning, is a consultant and instructional designer with more than 15 years’ experience creating highly interactive eLearning experiences for clients ranging from Fortune 500 companies to technology startups to grant-funded research initiatives. She’s interested in using neuroscience, change management, and persuasive technology to promote sustainable long-term learning and behavior change. Her MS degree in instructional systems technology is from Indiana University, and she’s been an adjunct faculty member at the Minneapolis College of Art and Design. She is the author of Design For How People Learn. ",VR and AR for Behavior Change - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:511 What Is Learning Engineering?------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Management and Strategy----------Montego C------------Education,--training, and even learning itself is changing. As technology advances, the--shift towards learning and development initiatives that require engineering--support is growing at an ever-increasing speed. The increased need for--engineering skills within learning and development will be a major disruption--in the near future, one filled with both challenges and opportunities.--In this session,--you will discover the growing world of learning engineering, learning from--leaders of the IEEE IC Industry Consortium on Learning Engineering (ICICLE). While--the need for technical competence for create, design, produce, and manage--education and training programs has existed for decades, this session will--explain how and why engineering problem-solving methodologies are becoming more--central to learning and development endeavors. Join us and learn more about--this exciting new professional growth opportunity for eLearning professionals.--In this session,--you will learn:----What learning engineering is--What forces are driving the need for learning engineering--The opportunities learning engineering presents to our industry--The challenges learning engineering presents to individuals,--organizations, and our industry----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--N/A.------------------Robby Robson--President Eduworks Corporation--Robby Robson, the president of Eduworks Corporation, is an internationally recognized innovator in online learning. He began developing web-based learning content and learning management systems in 1995, chaired the IEEE Learning Technology Standards Committee from 2000 – 2008, and has helped dozens of organizations develop eLearning technology strategies. He has served as principle investigator and lead scientist on multiple federally funded projects that explored new technologies for learning, education, and training. Robby co-founded Eduworks in 2001, where he has guided research, services, and product development.------------------Avron Barr--Chair IEEE Learning Technology Standards Committee--Avron Barr started his career as a programmer at Stanford University; editor of the seminal Handbook of Artificial Intelligence; and founder of Teknowledge, an early AI startup in Silicon Valley. Since Teknowledge was sold in 1986, he has been an independent consultant, helping people understand, explain, and market cutting-edge software. He consults for the Institute for Defense Analyses and is involved in the US Advanced Distributed Learning Initiative’s Total Learning Architecture project. He volunteers as chair of the IEEE Learning Technology Standards Committee and spends his free time hiking in the redwood forests around Santa Cruz, California.------------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Education,--training, and even learning itself is changing. As technology advances, the--shift towards learning and development initiatives that require engineering--support is growing at an ever-increasing speed. The increased need for--engineering skills within learning and development will be a major disruption--in the near future, one filled with both challenges and opportunities.--In this session,--you will discover the growing world of learning engineering, learning from--leaders of the IEEE IC Industry Consortium on Learning Engineering (ICICLE). While--the need for technical competence for create, design, produce, and manage--education and training programs has existed for decades, this session will--explain how and why engineering problem-solving methodologies are becoming more--central to learning and development endeavors. Join us and learn more about--this exciting new professional growth opportunity for eLearning professionals.--In this session,--you will learn:----What learning engineering is--What forces are driving the need for learning engineering--The opportunities learning engineering presents to our industry--The challenges learning engineering presents to individuals,--organizations, and our industry----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--N/A.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Avron Barr--Chair IEEE Learning Technology Standards Committee

SPEAKER_BIO:Avron Barr started his career as a programmer at Stanford University; editor of the seminal Handbook of Artificial Intelligence; and founder of Teknowledge, an early AI startup in Silicon Valley. Since Teknowledge was sold in 1986, he has been an independent consultant, helping people understand, explain, and market cutting-edge software. He consults for the Institute for Defense Analyses and is involved in the US Advanced Distributed Learning Initiative’s Total Learning Architecture project. He volunteers as chair of the IEEE Learning Technology Standards Committee and spends his free time hiking in the redwood forests around Santa Cruz, California.",What Is Learning Engineering? - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:512 Case Study: Workflow Learning at Sunrun------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Mobile----------Montego B------------It’s a request you may have received from company leaders: “Create --training that doesn’t take employees away from the work they are paid to--do.” At first, this might seem as if the eLearning and instructor-led --classes you’ve developed aren’t valued. But wait. You know that many --valuable learning experiences are rooted in performing actual tasks. --Could it be that this request is actually steering you toward better --solutions? --In this session, you will learn how operations--training at Sunrun is transitioning from offering solely traditional --learning solutions—ILT, webinars, and eLearning—to offering solutions --that fit within an employee’s day-to-day work. It’s a transition made --possible by technology. As such, you’ll see how Sunrun has replaced --lengthy instructor-led classes with a combination of eLearning and --structured job shadows tracked by mobile applications. You’ll explore --the electronic performance support resources now available to Sunrun --field personnel, as well as how eLearning and microlearning video fill --the gaps to keep employees where they learn best—in the flow of work. --In this session, you will learn: ----How the largest residential solar company in the US has replaced --traditional ILT with eLearning and more meaningful structured job --shadows tracked by mobile applications --How Sunrun converted traditional eLearning content into electronic performance support resources accessible from the field --How eLearning and microlearning video can fill performance gaps and allow field-based employees to learn on the job --About the “workflow learning” approach Sunrun instructional designers take when conducting a needs analysis --About the significant challenges Sunrun has faced as it shifts from traditional learning solutions to workflow learning ----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.) --Technology discussed in this session: --Mobile--applications linked to the LMS that track a person’s performance in a --job shadow, electronic performance support, and eLearning microlearning --video.------------------Daniel Brigham--Senior Instructional Designer Sunrun--Daniel Brigham is a senior instructional designer at Sunrun, the largest US residential solar provider. At Sunrun, he designs and develops large-scale learning solutions for the operations group. He has a deep interest in providing workers with high-quality, scalable training, an interest that suits his skills in videography and workflow learning. An eLearning veteran with 15 years’ experience, Daniel is a Kirkpatrick-certified learning professional, as well as an Articulate Super Hero.------------------Travis Merrifield--Senior Instructional Designer Sunrun--Travis Merrifield is a senior instructional designer with Sunrun, the largest residential rooftop solar company in the US. With over 13 years of curriculum development experience, Travis has worked in a variety of industries including insurance, education, banking, and construction to create online learning, instructor-led training, and performance support tools. Currently, his focus is on designing solar installation training and new product support for field install crews at Sunrun.------------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:It’s a request you may have received from company leaders: “Create --training that doesn’t take employees away from the work they are paid to--do.” At first, this might seem as if the eLearning and instructor-led --classes you’ve developed aren’t valued. But wait. You know that many --valuable learning experiences are rooted in performing actual tasks. --Could it be that this request is actually steering you toward better --solutions? --In this session, you will learn how operations--training at Sunrun is transitioning from offering solely traditional --learning solutions—ILT, webinars, and eLearning—to offering solutions --that fit within an employee’s day-to-day work. It’s a transition made --possible by technology. As such, you’ll see how Sunrun has replaced --lengthy instructor-led classes with a combination of eLearning and --structured job shadows tracked by mobile applications. You’ll explore --the electronic performance support resources now available to Sunrun --field personnel, as well as how eLearning and microlearning video fill --the gaps to keep employees where they learn best—in the flow of work. --In this session, you will learn: ----How the largest residential solar company in the US has replaced --traditional ILT with eLearning and more meaningful structured job --shadows tracked by mobile applications --How Sunrun converted traditional eLearning content into electronic performance support resources accessible from the field --How eLearning and microlearning video can fill performance gaps and allow field-based employees to learn on the job --About the “workflow learning” approach Sunrun instructional designers take when conducting a needs analysis --About the significant challenges Sunrun has faced as it shifts from traditional learning solutions to workflow learning ----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.) --Technology discussed in this session: --Mobile--applications linked to the LMS that track a person’s performance in a --job shadow, electronic performance support, and eLearning microlearning --video.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Travis Merrifield--Senior Instructional Designer Sunrun

SPEAKER_BIO:Travis Merrifield is a senior instructional designer with Sunrun, the largest residential rooftop solar company in the US. With over 13 years of curriculum development experience, Travis has worked in a variety of industries including insurance, education, banking, and construction to create online learning, instructor-led training, and performance support tools. Currently, his focus is on designing solar installation training and new product support for field install crews at Sunrun.",Case Study: Workflow Learning at Sunrun - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:513 Five Components for Measuring the Impact of Learning------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Data and Measurement----------Montego DE------------The many ways to measure the business impact of learning are--becoming increasingly sophisticated, yet many L&D professionals are--struggling to even get started. Marketing departments are increasingly adept at--measuring their contribution to financial performance, but why are we so much--slower at proving our worth?L&D increasingly has to justify its existence,--so how do we rise to the challenge?--In this session, you will learn how to use a five-step model for--measuring the impact of learning. You’ll start by investigating ways to gather--your data and discover that you can get started more easily than you may have--expected. You’ll then explore strategies for getting to know your data and make--sense of it. Next, you’ll find out how to operationalize your data in ways that--are efficient and will save you from spreadsheet doom. You’ll follow that by--looking at the options you have for exploring your data—how to look at it holistically,--ask questions, and investigate surprises. Finally, you’ll discuss approaches--for experimenting with your data and building on what you’ve learned.--In this session,--you will learn:----Current trends in learning--impact measurement--The role of data analytics in--L&D--The difference between--traditional measurement approaches and big data--How to build a great business--case for future L&D investment in measurement--Practical tips for getting--results from your measurement and data analytics projects----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives,--etc.).------------Rose Benedicks--Strategic Consulting Lead LEO Learning--Rose Benedicks, a strategic consulting lead at LEO Learning, has more than 15 years of experience crafting training systems and L&D strategies, specializing in problem-based learning and performance-driven solutions. With a master’s in instructional systems technology from Indiana University, Rose is a leading presenter for LEO Learning. Her work has been awarded a Gold Brandon Hall Award, The eLearning Guild’s Best Sales Training and Best of Show—Vendor Awards, ATD’s AXIS Performance Improvement Award, and in 2011, she was named one of Elliott Masie’s Top 30 Under 30 Learning Professionals. She has worked with global organizations including McDonald’s, Anheuser-Busch, Cigna, Microsoft, and others.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:The many ways to measure the business impact of learning are--becoming increasingly sophisticated, yet many L&D professionals are--struggling to even get started. Marketing departments are increasingly adept at--measuring their contribution to financial performance, but why are we so much--slower at proving our worth?L&D increasingly has to justify its existence,--so how do we rise to the challenge?--In this session, you will learn how to use a five-step model for--measuring the impact of learning. You’ll start by investigating ways to gather--your data and discover that you can get started more easily than you may have--expected. You’ll then explore strategies for getting to know your data and make--sense of it. Next, you’ll find out how to operationalize your data in ways that--are efficient and will save you from spreadsheet doom. You’ll follow that by--looking at the options you have for exploring your data—how to look at it holistically,--ask questions, and investigate surprises. Finally, you’ll discuss approaches--for experimenting with your data and building on what you’ve learned.--In this session,--you will learn:----Current trends in learning--impact measurement--The role of data analytics in--L&D--The difference between--traditional measurement approaches and big data--How to build a great business--case for future L&D investment in measurement--Practical tips for getting--results from your measurement and data analytics projects----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives,--etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Rose Benedicks--Strategic Consulting Lead LEO Learning

SPEAKER_BIO:Rose Benedicks, a strategic consulting lead at LEO Learning, has more than 15 years of experience crafting training systems and L&D strategies, specializing in problem-based learning and performance-driven solutions. With a master’s in instructional systems technology from Indiana University, Rose is a leading presenter for LEO Learning. Her work has been awarded a Gold Brandon Hall Award, The eLearning Guild’s Best Sales Training and Best of Show—Vendor Awards, ATD’s AXIS Performance Improvement Award, and in 2011, she was named one of Elliott Masie’s Top 30 Under 30 Learning Professionals. She has worked with global organizations including McDonald’s, Anheuser-Busch, Cigna, Microsoft, and others.",Five Components for Measuring the Impact of Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:514 Dreaming of Electric Sheep: The Future of Learning------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Emerging Tech----------Jamaica AB------------In 2016, the first iteration of this session explored seven aspects--of emergent and innovative technology. This rolling session will be an update on--that—seeing what has emerged, what has strengthened, and what has fallen by the--wayside. Participants will look to the future: What will impact organizational learning--in a three- to five-year time frame? What should be on your agenda right now?--This session will explore the future of learning. A grand aspiration?--Yes—this is a future-facing session for people who want to look not just at what--is on their doorstep, but at the things they need to put in place to shape tomorrow.--This year, the topics are: (1) wearables updated: beyond Glass, (2) trusted technologies:--into blockchain, (3) beyond LMS: distributed systems, and (4) connecting expertise:--expert currency systems. This session is intended as a glimpse into the future;--it will also be participative, as no one has all the answers.--In this session, you will--learn:----Not to consider specific technologies, but rather--categories of technology and the ways they’ll transform learning--About the impact of wearables on performance--About AI and its impact on knowledge--About the impact of collaborative platforms upon--knowledge itself----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Wearables: Glass to Oculus, watches to phones. AI platforms,--specifically a research project out of SRI, as well as some of the bots focused--on storytelling/captioning activities (photo analysis, etc.).------------Julian Stodd--Author and Founder Sea Salt Learning--Julian Stodd is the founder of Sea Salt Learning, where he helps organizations get fit for the Social Age. Julian specializes in exploring learning design, the role of communities, social collaborative technology, and social leadership.He splits his time between writing and working around the world, exploring the strategy and implementation of learning, leadership, and cultural change. Julian is the author of eight books, including Exploring the World of Social Learning and The Social Leadership Handbook, and more than a thousand articles and blog posts.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:In 2016, the first iteration of this session explored seven aspects--of emergent and innovative technology. This rolling session will be an update on--that—seeing what has emerged, what has strengthened, and what has fallen by the--wayside. Participants will look to the future: What will impact organizational learning--in a three- to five-year time frame? What should be on your agenda right now?--This session will explore the future of learning. A grand aspiration?--Yes—this is a future-facing session for people who want to look not just at what--is on their doorstep, but at the things they need to put in place to shape tomorrow.--This year, the topics are: (1) wearables updated: beyond Glass, (2) trusted technologies:--into blockchain, (3) beyond LMS: distributed systems, and (4) connecting expertise:--expert currency systems. This session is intended as a glimpse into the future;--it will also be participative, as no one has all the answers.--In this session, you will--learn:----Not to consider specific technologies, but rather--categories of technology and the ways they’ll transform learning--About the impact of wearables on performance--About AI and its impact on knowledge--About the impact of collaborative platforms upon--knowledge itself----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Wearables: Glass to Oculus, watches to phones. AI platforms,--specifically a research project out of SRI, as well as some of the bots focused--on storytelling/captioning activities (photo analysis, etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Julian Stodd--Author and Founder Sea Salt Learning

SPEAKER_BIO:Julian Stodd is the founder of Sea Salt Learning, where he helps organizations get fit for the Social Age. Julian specializes in exploring learning design, the role of communities, social collaborative technology, and social leadership.He splits his time between writing and working around the world, exploring the strategy and implementation of learning, leadership, and cultural change. Julian is the author of eight books, including Exploring the World of Social Learning and The Social Leadership Handbook, and more than a thousand articles and blog posts.",Dreaming of Electric Sheep: The Future of Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:515 BYOD: Using Animation and Motion in Storyline------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Tools----------Trinidad AB------------Using animation and motion in a Storyline course, when done well,--can be a tremendous asset to the visual voice of your course. When not done well,--however, it can be quite the distraction. So how can you know what animations and--motions will work well in different situations and how to develop them in Storyline?--In this session, you will practice building a variety of animations--and motion elements that will enhance the look and feel of a module. You will also--find out how to use some of the lesser-known features and settings to create animations--that are not readily available in Storyline. You’ll leave knowing a wide range of--animation and motion techniques that can avoid distraction and actually enhance--your work.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to create an auto scrolling panel--How to combine multiple animations for some cool--effects--How to use the new motion path features: orientation--and intersection--How the timeline can impact an animation--How to use group objects for some unique animations--How to add animation to a state----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate Storyline.--Technology required:--PC or Mac running Windows and Articulate Storyline.------------Ron Price--Chief Learning Officer Yukon Learning--Ron Price is the chief learning officer at Yukon Learning. His name is synonymous with “great Articulate training.” Ron brings a unique approach to delivering the message, with real-world examples drawn from over 25 years of experience in organizational and leadership development, instructional design, business coaching, and experiential learning. As CLO of Yukon Learning, the strategic training partner for Articulate, Ron works closely with the Articulate engineers and community team to design and develop certified training programs for Articulate Studio and Storyline. When not facilitating or designing eLearning solutions for Yukon customers, he also oversees the certification process for Yukon’s global training partners. ------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Using animation and motion in a Storyline course, when done well,--can be a tremendous asset to the visual voice of your course. When not done well,--however, it can be quite the distraction. So how can you know what animations and--motions will work well in different situations and how to develop them in Storyline?--In this session, you will practice building a variety of animations--and motion elements that will enhance the look and feel of a module. You will also--find out how to use some of the lesser-known features and settings to create animations--that are not readily available in Storyline. You’ll leave knowing a wide range of--animation and motion techniques that can avoid distraction and actually enhance--your work.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to create an auto scrolling panel--How to combine multiple animations for some cool--effects--How to use the new motion path features: orientation--and intersection--How the timeline can impact an animation--How to use group objects for some unique animations--How to add animation to a state----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate Storyline.--Technology required:--PC or Mac running Windows and Articulate Storyline.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Ron Price--Chief Learning Officer Yukon Learning

SPEAKER_BIO:Ron Price is the chief learning officer at Yukon Learning. His name is synonymous with “great Articulate training.” Ron brings a unique approach to delivering the message, with real-world examples drawn from over 25 years of experience in organizational and leadership development, instructional design, business coaching, and experiential learning. As CLO of Yukon Learning, the strategic training partner for Articulate, Ron works closely with the Articulate engineers and community team to design and develop certified training programs for Articulate Studio and Storyline. When not facilitating or designing eLearning solutions for Yukon customers, he also oversees the certification process for Yukon’s global training partners. ",BYOD: Using Animation and Motion in Storyline - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:516 BYOD: Collaborative Design Through Sketching and Prototyping------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Instructional Design----------Martinique AB------------When you’re getting started designing an eLearning experience,--it’s easy to get stalled at this stage by the sheer volume of possibilities for--what you can create, especially if you don’t feel visual design is a strength. But--a humble sketch on a whiteboard with a red marker can still become a brilliant eLearning--interaction. At its heart, eLearning is a visual medium, so starting with drawing--will result in an entirely different outcome. --In this session, you’ll discover the power of starting small--and iterating to achieve powerful eLearning experiences while saving time and money.--Iterating through the design process is powerful because it gives you early work--products to show others to get their approval and buy-in, all with barely a dent--in your budget and timeline. You will learn about new ways to come up with interactions--that your stakeholders will approve of and that learners will enjoy as they learn--how to implement new behaviors.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to unleash nonverbal creative talents--How to find new ways to teach to target behaviors--and performance outcomes--How to collaborate more effectively with stakeholders--and SMEs--How to iterate design starting from the concept----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).------------Michael Allen--CEO Allen Interactions--Michael Allen, the CEO of Allen Interactions, has had a long and lauded career --in eLearning, from his work with IBM on their Coursewriter system to his --direction of R&D for Control Data’s PLATO system to his development of --Authorware. Michael has been recognized with the most prestigious career --awards from ATD, The eLearning Guild, and many others. He holds a PhD in --educational psychology from Ohio State University, is an adjunct associate --professor at the University of Minnesota Medical School, and has authored --eight books on effective eLearning. ------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:When you’re getting started designing an eLearning experience,--it’s easy to get stalled at this stage by the sheer volume of possibilities for--what you can create, especially if you don’t feel visual design is a strength. But--a humble sketch on a whiteboard with a red marker can still become a brilliant eLearning--interaction. At its heart, eLearning is a visual medium, so starting with drawing--will result in an entirely different outcome. --In this session, you’ll discover the power of starting small--and iterating to achieve powerful eLearning experiences while saving time and money.--Iterating through the design process is powerful because it gives you early work--products to show others to get their approval and buy-in, all with barely a dent--in your budget and timeline. You will learn about new ways to come up with interactions--that your stakeholders will approve of and that learners will enjoy as they learn--how to implement new behaviors.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to unleash nonverbal creative talents--How to find new ways to teach to target behaviors--and performance outcomes--How to collaborate more effectively with stakeholders--and SMEs--How to iterate design starting from the concept----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Michael Allen--CEO Allen Interactions

SPEAKER_BIO:Michael Allen, the CEO of Allen Interactions, has had a long and lauded career --in eLearning, from his work with IBM on their Coursewriter system to his --direction of R&D for Control Data’s PLATO system to his development of --Authorware. Michael has been recognized with the most prestigious career --awards from ATD, The eLearning Guild, and many others. He holds a PhD in --educational psychology from Ohio State University, is an adjunct associate --professor at the University of Minnesota Medical School, and has authored --eight books on effective eLearning. ",BYOD: Collaborative Design Through Sketching and Prototyping - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:601 Copyright? Relax! Devour Free and Creative Commons Media------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Instructional Design----------Andros AB------------The cost of copyright confusion can affect every stage of--the development and delivery process. Copyright law can be intimidating, even--though its intent is to encourage creativity. Break down the walls that prevent--you or your organization from using fabulous free resources because you aren’t--sure whether your use will infringe someone else’s rights. Make fair use your--friend. Access thousands of free photos, videos, music, and motion graphics.--In this session, you’ll learn about copyright essentials--through an entertaining and easy-to-understand snapshot of the law. You’ll--discover how to find and use free media properly; how to protect your own work;--and how to apply best practices in fair use. You’ll also learn more about where--to find free multimedia you can safely use in your projects thanks to public--domain, Creative Commons, and open access–licensed works.--In this session, you--will learn:----About copyright law and fair-use basics--How to find and use free online media--About Creative Commons licenses and which are--most accommodating--How to protect your work and avoid being sued----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--API for Creative Commons licenses and plugins for proper--attribution of work.------------Barbara Waxer--Copyright Educator and Author Santa Fe Community College--Barbara Waxer is a copyright and media educator, author, and trainer who teaches media arts at Santa Fe Community College. She has authored over two dozen textbooks and online products on copyright, finding and using media, writing for the web, and Adobe and Microsoft software. Her book, Internet Surf and Turf Revealed: The Essential Guide to Copyright, Fair Use, and Finding Media, won the TEXTY Textbook Excellence Award and the New England Book Show Award. Barbara thrives when developing best practices for users and creators of digital content.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:The cost of copyright confusion can affect every stage of--the development and delivery process. Copyright law can be intimidating, even--though its intent is to encourage creativity. Break down the walls that prevent--you or your organization from using fabulous free resources because you aren’t--sure whether your use will infringe someone else’s rights. Make fair use your--friend. Access thousands of free photos, videos, music, and motion graphics.--In this session, you’ll learn about copyright essentials--through an entertaining and easy-to-understand snapshot of the law. You’ll--discover how to find and use free media properly; how to protect your own work;--and how to apply best practices in fair use. You’ll also learn more about where--to find free multimedia you can safely use in your projects thanks to public--domain, Creative Commons, and open access–licensed works.--In this session, you--will learn:----About copyright law and fair-use basics--How to find and use free online media--About Creative Commons licenses and which are--most accommodating--How to protect your work and avoid being sued----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--API for Creative Commons licenses and plugins for proper--attribution of work.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Barbara Waxer--Copyright Educator and Author Santa Fe Community College

SPEAKER_BIO:Barbara Waxer is a copyright and media educator, author, and trainer who teaches media arts at Santa Fe Community College. She has authored over two dozen textbooks and online products on copyright, finding and using media, writing for the web, and Adobe and Microsoft software. Her book, Internet Surf and Turf Revealed: The Essential Guide to Copyright, Fair Use, and Finding Media, won the TEXTY Textbook Excellence Award and the New England Book Show Award. Barbara thrives when developing best practices for users and creators of digital content.",Copyright? Relax! Devour Free and Creative Commons Media - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:602 Practical Guidelines from Cognitive Science for Creating Awesome Learning------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Instructional Design----------Bermuda AB------------A lot is known about how people learn and develop skills.--Cognitive science research on learning, behavior change, and development of--expertise has provided a wealth of information. Unfortunately, much of that--wisdom is locked in journal articles and dense books, so designers of learning--experiences often rely on traditional methods that may or may not be supported--by science.--This session will provide you with seven practical--guidelines that have been distilled from the research for designing excellent--learning experiences. For each guideline, you will find out how it was derived--from the research and theory, see examples of how it has been implemented in--the workplace, and discuss how it can be applied to improve your own designs. You’ll--leave with solid takeaways that you can use to create truly awesome learning--experiences that really get results.--In this session, you--will learn:----Seven research-based guidelines for learning--experience design--How these guidelines can be used to create--learning activities that get results--How these guidelines apply to formal,--on-the-job, and social learning experiences--Things to stop doing because they are NOT--supported by the research----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--eLearning, mobile, simulations, and performance support--systems.------------Marty Rosenheck--Director, Talent Development Consulting eLearning Brothers--Marty Rosenheck is a director, talent development consulting at eLearning Brothers. He provides talent development, learning experience design, and learning technology ecosystem consulting. A thought leader and sought-after consultant, speaker, and writer on the application of cognitive science research to learning and performance, Marty has over 30 years of experience and holds a PhD. He has created award-winning learning experiences, designed learning ecosystems, developed cognitive apprenticeship programs, built performance support systems, conducted needs assessments, specified learning paths, constructed virtual learning environments, and developed formal, informal, and social learning strategies for dozens of organizations. Marty has shared his ideas in publications, presentations, and workshops.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:A lot is known about how people learn and develop skills.--Cognitive science research on learning, behavior change, and development of--expertise has provided a wealth of information. Unfortunately, much of that--wisdom is locked in journal articles and dense books, so designers of learning--experiences often rely on traditional methods that may or may not be supported--by science.--This session will provide you with seven practical--guidelines that have been distilled from the research for designing excellent--learning experiences. For each guideline, you will find out how it was derived--from the research and theory, see examples of how it has been implemented in--the workplace, and discuss how it can be applied to improve your own designs. You’ll--leave with solid takeaways that you can use to create truly awesome learning--experiences that really get results.--In this session, you--will learn:----Seven research-based guidelines for learning--experience design--How these guidelines can be used to create--learning activities that get results--How these guidelines apply to formal,--on-the-job, and social learning experiences--Things to stop doing because they are NOT--supported by the research----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--eLearning, mobile, simulations, and performance support--systems.


SPEAKER_NAME:Marty Rosenheck--Director, Talent Development Consulting eLearning Brothers"

SPEAKER_BIO:Marty Rosenheck is a director, talent development consulting at eLearning Brothers. He provides talent development, learning experience design, and learning technology ecosystem consulting. A thought leader and sought-after consultant, speaker, and writer on the application of cognitive science research to learning and performance, Marty has over 30 years of experience and holds a PhD. He has created award-winning learning experiences, designed learning ecosystems, developed cognitive apprenticeship programs, built performance support systems, conducted needs assessments, specified learning paths, constructed virtual learning environments, and developed formal, informal, and social learning strategies for dozens of organizations. Marty has shared his ideas in publications, presentations, and workshops.",Practical Guidelines from Cognitive Science for Creating Awesome Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:603 Email Course Design: Using Digital Marketing as a Learning Strategy------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Instructional Design----------St. Croix B------------Throughout the history of training, learning something new has--often been treated as an event rather than a process. However, practitioners now--know that eLearning, videos, and instructor-led training are only the--beginning. To be effective, you need ways to support your workforce over time,--building their competence through multiple approaches.--In this session, you’ll discover a trend that has been--effectively used in the marketing space and that you can easily apply to--workplace learning: the email course. You’ll look at excellent examples of--effective email courses, discussing pro tips for designing in this format and--what to absolutely avoid. You’ll also preview real examples of email courses--done well in a variety of industries, from life-hacking to supporting nonprofit--workforce development. As you explore the possibilities of email courses, you--will gain practical steps to implement this approach in your own organization.--In this session, you--will learn:----About the practical application of email courses--in workplace learning--What examples of effective email courses look--like--How to apply best practices in designing email--courses--Tips for avoiding common pitfalls when designing--an email course for your organization----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).------------Sarah Mercier--Managing Partner Learning Ninjas--Sarah Mercier, the managing partner at Learning Ninjas, has over 18 years of experience as a facilitator, instructional designer, and learning solution developer. Her primary focus is strategy, design, and development in the area of innovative learning technologies. Sarah is the founder of meLearning Solutions, a mobile learning consulting firm now operating as part of Learning Ninjas. She is a national facilitator for the Association for Talent Development (ATD) for the Master eLearning Instructional Designer and Mobile Learning Certificate programs and designed and facilitates both the Essentials of Mobile Learning and Essentials of Interactive eBooks programs. Sarah's work has been published in The Book of Road-Tested Activities, 68 Tips for eLearning Engagement and Interactivity, TD Magazine, CLO Magazine, and a variety of other training and workforce publications. ------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Throughout the history of training, learning something new has--often been treated as an event rather than a process. However, practitioners now--know that eLearning, videos, and instructor-led training are only the--beginning. To be effective, you need ways to support your workforce over time,--building their competence through multiple approaches.--In this session, you’ll discover a trend that has been--effectively used in the marketing space and that you can easily apply to--workplace learning: the email course. You’ll look at excellent examples of--effective email courses, discussing pro tips for designing in this format and--what to absolutely avoid. You’ll also preview real examples of email courses--done well in a variety of industries, from life-hacking to supporting nonprofit--workforce development. As you explore the possibilities of email courses, you--will gain practical steps to implement this approach in your own organization.--In this session, you--will learn:----About the practical application of email courses--in workplace learning--What examples of effective email courses look--like--How to apply best practices in designing email--courses--Tips for avoiding common pitfalls when designing--an email course for your organization----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Sarah Mercier--Managing Partner Learning Ninjas

SPEAKER_BIO:Sarah Mercier, the managing partner at Learning Ninjas, has over 18 years of experience as a facilitator, instructional designer, and learning solution developer. Her primary focus is strategy, design, and development in the area of innovative learning technologies. Sarah is the founder of meLearning Solutions, a mobile learning consulting firm now operating as part of Learning Ninjas. She is a national facilitator for the Association for Talent Development (ATD) for the Master eLearning Instructional Designer and Mobile Learning Certificate programs and designed and facilitates both the Essentials of Mobile Learning and Essentials of Interactive eBooks programs. Sarah's work has been published in The Book of Road-Tested Activities, 68 Tips for eLearning Engagement and Interactivity, TD Magazine, CLO Magazine, and a variety of other training and workforce publications. ",Email Course Design: Using Digital Marketing as a Learning Strategy - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:309 10 Principles for an Effective Org Social Learning Strategy------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Tools----------Antigua B------------A recent--survey by Donald H. Taylor, chairman of the Learning and Performance Institute,--revealed that enterprise collaboration is falling out of favor with L&D.--Forrester Research has shown that roughly 80 percent of enterprise social--platform implementations fail. In recent years, social technology has fractured--into social intranets, enterprise social networks, and chat platforms. What are--we to make of this? Has social lost its way? Have expectations been--overinflated? Should L&D let go … or do more? --In this--session, you’ll examine the real value that social technology can bring to an--organization through the examination of 10 principles you can leverage to guide--your own efforts. You will learn strategies to set the stage for success and--how to present data to paint an accurate picture of incremental workforce--transformation. Finally, you’ll explore the methods you can take to grow--greater partnerships with employees, management, and executives to grow work--networks and increase the engagement, innovation, and agility your organization--demands.--In--this session, you will learn:----How--to cut through the bells and whistles and get back to the foundation of social--How--to use your L&D skills to support workflow learning--Examples--of approaches used to move individuals and groups forward--Tips--on how to identify, capture, and promote the right data to drive decisions--Why--ROI and ROE have no value and are merely vanity metrics----Audience:----Managers, directors, and senior leaders.--Technology--discussed in this session:--Enterprise social technology including,--but not limited to, Yammer, Jive, WorkPlace, and Slack.------------Mark Britz--Sr. Manager, Programming The eLearning Guild--Mark is the senior manager of onsite learning events at The eLearning --Guild. Prior to joining The eLearning Guild, he had worked over 15 years --designing and managing learning solutions with organizations such as --Smartforce, Pearson Digital Learning, the SUNY Research Foundation, --and Aspen Dental Management. His work and writing have been --highlighted in the books Revolutionize Learning and Development: --Performance and Innovation Strategy for the Information Age and The --Social Learning Handbook. Additionally he is a Service Partner for the --702010 Institute where he works to advance organizational learning --strategies. Mark regularly presents and writes on his blog, The Simple --Shift about the use of social media for learning, collaborative networks, --and organizational design.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:A recent--survey by Donald H. Taylor, chairman of the Learning and Performance Institute,--revealed that enterprise collaboration is falling out of favor with L&D.--Forrester Research has shown that roughly 80 percent of enterprise social--platform implementations fail. In recent years, social technology has fractured--into social intranets, enterprise social networks, and chat platforms. What are--we to make of this? Has social lost its way? Have expectations been--overinflated? Should L&D let go … or do more? --In this--session, you’ll examine the real value that social technology can bring to an--organization through the examination of 10 principles you can leverage to guide--your own efforts. You will learn strategies to set the stage for success and--how to present data to paint an accurate picture of incremental workforce--transformation. Finally, you’ll explore the methods you can take to grow--greater partnerships with employees, management, and executives to grow work--networks and increase the engagement, innovation, and agility your organization--demands.--In--this session, you will learn:----How--to cut through the bells and whistles and get back to the foundation of social--How--to use your L&D skills to support workflow learning--Examples--of approaches used to move individuals and groups forward--Tips--on how to identify, capture, and promote the right data to drive decisions--Why--ROI and ROE have no value and are merely vanity metrics----Audience:----Managers, directors, and senior leaders.--Technology--discussed in this session:--Enterprise social technology including,--but not limited to, Yammer, Jive, WorkPlace, and Slack.


SPEAKER_NAME:Mark Britz--Sr. Manager, Programming The eLearning Guild"

SPEAKER_BIO:Mark is the senior manager of onsite learning events at The eLearning --Guild. Prior to joining The eLearning Guild, he had worked over 15 years --designing and managing learning solutions with organizations such as --Smartforce, Pearson Digital Learning, the SUNY Research Foundation, --and Aspen Dental Management. His work and writing have been --highlighted in the books Revolutionize Learning and Development: --Performance and Innovation Strategy for the Information Age and The --Social Learning Handbook. Additionally he is a Service Partner for the --702010 Institute where he works to advance organizational learning --strategies. Mark regularly presents and writes on his blog, The Simple --Shift about the use of social media for learning, collaborative networks, --and organizational design.",10 Principles for an Effective Org Social Learning Strategy - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:605 CANCELLED: Building a Culture of Feedback with Your Digital Learning Strategy------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Management and Strategy----------Antigua A------------While organizations have started to recognize the importance--of including practice in their learning programs, one of the most critical--aspects of practice—feedback—has been an overlooked aspect of performance--improvement. Feedback is challenging, as most feedback depends on critique, and--an organization’s culture can impact how comfortable employees are in providing--and receiving feedback.--Join this session to learn how to introduce feedback into--your digital learning strategy while developing a culture of feedback.--Providing opportunities to give and receive critique as part of your digital--learning strategy can be a powerful tool to ensure that L&D programs have--measurable impact on performance, while developing the critical skills of--providing and incorporating feedback to see continuous employee performance--improvement across your organization. You’ll explore how coaching, mentoring,--and social assessment can be delivered as part of your digital learning--strategy, and you’ll leave with tangible ways to improve feedback in your--organization.--In this session, you will--learn:----How feedback is a critical component of a--digital learning strategy--About the challenges in providing feedback and--critique--Strategies for building skills in providing--meaningful feedback--Proven approaches for incorporating coaching and--mentoring in your digital learning strategy--About the impact social assessment can have on--performance improvement and building a culture of feedback----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--YouSeeU, CritiqueIt Practice, and potentially other--practice/feedback platforms.------------Koreen Pagano--Product Management Director D2L--Koreen Pagano, a product management director at D2L, is passionate about technology for organizational learning, with an emphasis on performance improvement and behavior change. She holds an MS in curriculum and instruction from Penn State University. In 2008, Koreen founded Tandem Learning, where she pioneered immersive learning in organizations by leveraging virtual worlds, games, and simulations. As director, enterprise product at Lynda.com and LinkedIn, she led the product vision for self-directed learning. Koreen is on the advisory board for emerging tech companies SilVR Thread and HelloYello. She is author of the blog Learning in Tandem and the book Immersive Learning.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:While organizations have started to recognize the importance--of including practice in their learning programs, one of the most critical--aspects of practice—feedback—has been an overlooked aspect of performance--improvement. Feedback is challenging, as most feedback depends on critique, and--an organization’s culture can impact how comfortable employees are in providing--and receiving feedback.--Join this session to learn how to introduce feedback into--your digital learning strategy while developing a culture of feedback.--Providing opportunities to give and receive critique as part of your digital--learning strategy can be a powerful tool to ensure that L&D programs have--measurable impact on performance, while developing the critical skills of--providing and incorporating feedback to see continuous employee performance--improvement across your organization. You’ll explore how coaching, mentoring,--and social assessment can be delivered as part of your digital learning--strategy, and you’ll leave with tangible ways to improve feedback in your--organization.--In this session, you will--learn:----How feedback is a critical component of a--digital learning strategy--About the challenges in providing feedback and--critique--Strategies for building skills in providing--meaningful feedback--Proven approaches for incorporating coaching and--mentoring in your digital learning strategy--About the impact social assessment can have on--performance improvement and building a culture of feedback----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--YouSeeU, CritiqueIt Practice, and potentially other--practice/feedback platforms.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Koreen Pagano--Product Management Director D2L

SPEAKER_BIO:Koreen Pagano, a product management director at D2L, is passionate about technology for organizational learning, with an emphasis on performance improvement and behavior change. She holds an MS in curriculum and instruction from Penn State University. In 2008, Koreen founded Tandem Learning, where she pioneered immersive learning in organizations by leveraging virtual worlds, games, and simulations. As director, enterprise product at Lynda.com and LinkedIn, she led the product vision for self-directed learning. Koreen is on the advisory board for emerging tech companies SilVR Thread and HelloYello. She is author of the blog Learning in Tandem and the book Immersive Learning.",CANCELLED: Building a Culture of Feedback with Your Digital Learning Strategy - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:606 Evidence of Impact: How Metrics Drive a Learning and Performance Ecosystem------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Data and Measurement----------Jamaica AB------------Do the executives who fund learning and development care how--many courses you have? Or how many students? Or the number of class hours you’ve--delivered? Actually, they may react negatively to those numbers. Most of the--time, when people are in training their productivity is zero. The key question--is how to get to Level 4 and measure actual impact.--Learning and performance ecosystem solutions tend to be more--direct, effective, and instantly available, especially when they include--components built into the workflow. These solutions are capable of generating a--good deal of data. The trick is to identify what data is most useful in--building a chain of evidence that explains the solution’s impact on business--productivity. This session will introduce a framework for identifying the right--business metrics and targets, deciding what learning and performance solution--data to track, and developing evidence of the solution’s impact.--In this session, you--will learn:----How to describe a learning and performance--ecosystem--How to work with a customer or sponsor to--articulate a human performance problem--How to discover the business metrics negatively--impacted by the problem--How to identify solution data that could provide--evidence of positive impact--How to use analytics to monitor the solution’s--impact over time----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Learning management, talent management, performance support,--knowledge management, expertise location and management, social networking and--collaboration.------------Steve Foreman--President InfoMedia Designs--Steve Foreman is the author of The LMS Guidebook and president of InfoMedia Designs, a provider of eLearning infrastructure consulting services and technology solutions to large companies, academic institutions, professional associations, government, and military. Steve works with forward-looking organizations to find new and effective ways to apply computer technology to support human performance. His work includes enterprise learning strategy, learning and performance ecosystem solutions, LMS selection and implementation, learning-technology architecture and integration, expert-knowledge harvesting, knowledge management, and innovative performance-centered solutions that blend working and learning.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Do the executives who fund learning and development care how--many courses you have? Or how many students? Or the number of class hours you’ve--delivered? Actually, they may react negatively to those numbers. Most of the--time, when people are in training their productivity is zero. The key question--is how to get to Level 4 and measure actual impact.--Learning and performance ecosystem solutions tend to be more--direct, effective, and instantly available, especially when they include--components built into the workflow. These solutions are capable of generating a--good deal of data. The trick is to identify what data is most useful in--building a chain of evidence that explains the solution’s impact on business--productivity. This session will introduce a framework for identifying the right--business metrics and targets, deciding what learning and performance solution--data to track, and developing evidence of the solution’s impact.--In this session, you--will learn:----How to describe a learning and performance--ecosystem--How to work with a customer or sponsor to--articulate a human performance problem--How to discover the business metrics negatively--impacted by the problem--How to identify solution data that could provide--evidence of positive impact--How to use analytics to monitor the solution’s--impact over time----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Learning management, talent management, performance support,--knowledge management, expertise location and management, social networking and--collaboration.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Steve Foreman--President InfoMedia Designs

SPEAKER_BIO:Steve Foreman is the author of The LMS Guidebook and president of InfoMedia Designs, a provider of eLearning infrastructure consulting services and technology solutions to large companies, academic institutions, professional associations, government, and military. Steve works with forward-looking organizations to find new and effective ways to apply computer technology to support human performance. His work includes enterprise learning strategy, learning and performance ecosystem solutions, LMS selection and implementation, learning-technology architecture and integration, expert-knowledge harvesting, knowledge management, and innovative performance-centered solutions that blend working and learning.",Evidence of Impact: How Metrics Drive a Learning and Performance Ecosystem - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:207 DevLearn Hyperdrive Showcase------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Emerging Tech----------Barbados AB------------Back by popular demand, Hyperdrive returns to DevLearn this fall. This year’s Hyperdrive competition focuses on innovation, showcasing projects that are using technology and solutions to create new and exciting opportunities for learning and performance support.--In this session, you will learn from the three winning entries in DevLearn Hyperdrive, the competition that took place before DevLearn began. You will learn from individuals and organizations that are pushing the boundaries of what learning and performance support looks like, and you’ll explore examples of technology being harnessed in ways that most others have yet to consider.--In this session, you will learn:----From cutting-edge examples of innovative learning--How the projects provide business value--Why a design decision was made--About the technologies used in innovative projects----Audience:Novice to advanced designers, developers, project managers, and managers.--Technology discussed in this session:Various.------------Mark Britz--Sr. Manager, Programming The eLearning Guild--Mark is the senior manager of onsite learning events at The eLearning --Guild. Prior to joining The eLearning Guild, he had worked over 15 years --designing and managing learning solutions with organizations such as --Smartforce, Pearson Digital Learning, the SUNY Research Foundation, --and Aspen Dental Management. His work and writing have been --highlighted in the books Revolutionize Learning and Development: --Performance and Innovation Strategy for the Information Age and The --Social Learning Handbook. Additionally he is a Service Partner for the --702010 Institute where he works to advance organizational learning --strategies. Mark regularly presents and writes on his blog, The Simple --Shift about the use of social media for learning, collaborative networks, --and organizational design.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Back by popular demand, Hyperdrive returns to DevLearn this fall. This year’s Hyperdrive competition focuses on innovation, showcasing projects that are using technology and solutions to create new and exciting opportunities for learning and performance support.--In this session, you will learn from the three winning entries in DevLearn Hyperdrive, the competition that took place before DevLearn began. You will learn from individuals and organizations that are pushing the boundaries of what learning and performance support looks like, and you’ll explore examples of technology being harnessed in ways that most others have yet to consider.--In this session, you will learn:----From cutting-edge examples of innovative learning--How the projects provide business value--Why a design decision was made--About the technologies used in innovative projects----Audience:Novice to advanced designers, developers, project managers, and managers.--Technology discussed in this session:Various.


SPEAKER_NAME:Mark Britz--Sr. Manager, Programming The eLearning Guild"

SPEAKER_BIO:Mark is the senior manager of onsite learning events at The eLearning --Guild. Prior to joining The eLearning Guild, he had worked over 15 years --designing and managing learning solutions with organizations such as --Smartforce, Pearson Digital Learning, the SUNY Research Foundation, --and Aspen Dental Management. His work and writing have been --highlighted in the books Revolutionize Learning and Development: --Performance and Innovation Strategy for the Information Age and The --Social Learning Handbook. Additionally he is a Service Partner for the --702010 Institute where he works to advance organizational learning --strategies. Mark regularly presents and writes on his blog, The Simple --Shift about the use of social media for learning, collaborative networks, --and organizational design.",DevLearn Hyperdrive Showcase - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:608 Putting Visuals to Work for Your eLearning Story------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Video & Media----------Montego A------------You’ve been handed the same old content, and the thought of--creating the same old learning experience makes you sad. Worry not! You can--transform that tired content into an engaging eLearning experience by applying--powerful storytelling and graphic design techniques. You will leave your--learners wondering where that new course came from. When they ask, just tell--them you put your visuals to work.--In this session, you will learn key storytelling and graphic--design techniques and how to use them in effective ways to transform stale--content into an engaging eLearning experience. Moreover, these techniques will--be immediately transferable to your own work. You’ll leave this session knowing--important foundational graphic design principles, as well as how to use them alongside--storytelling approaches to craft visual scenes and bring your content to life.--In this session, you--will learn:----Key foundational graphic design principles, and--how to implement them effectively--A simple method of creating stories for your learning--project that is engaging and cohesive--How to craft visual scenes based on your story,--utilizing the graphic principles demonstrated--eLearning authoring tool tips for bringing your--story to life within the context of a typical learning project----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--eLearning authoring tool (Articulate Storyline 3), image editors--(Adobe Photoshop, TechSmith Snagit, Microsoft PowerPoint), mind mapping (SmartDraw),--and wireframing/prototyping (Adobe XD).------------Jason Kramer--Senior eLearning Designer Illumina Interactive--Jason Kramer is a senior eLearning designer with Illumina Interactive. He gained critical experience in the corporate training world as a senior instructional designer with Citizens Bank, and was part of the award-winning instructional design team at NECB led by Jean Marrapodi. Jason executed the online build-out of the undergraduate philosophy curriculum at the University of Memphis, where he also served as an adjunct faculty member. Jason holds an MA in philosophy.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:You’ve been handed the same old content, and the thought of--creating the same old learning experience makes you sad. Worry not! You can--transform that tired content into an engaging eLearning experience by applying--powerful storytelling and graphic design techniques. You will leave your--learners wondering where that new course came from. When they ask, just tell--them you put your visuals to work.--In this session, you will learn key storytelling and graphic--design techniques and how to use them in effective ways to transform stale--content into an engaging eLearning experience. Moreover, these techniques will--be immediately transferable to your own work. You’ll leave this session knowing--important foundational graphic design principles, as well as how to use them alongside--storytelling approaches to craft visual scenes and bring your content to life.--In this session, you--will learn:----Key foundational graphic design principles, and--how to implement them effectively--A simple method of creating stories for your learning--project that is engaging and cohesive--How to craft visual scenes based on your story,--utilizing the graphic principles demonstrated--eLearning authoring tool tips for bringing your--story to life within the context of a typical learning project----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--eLearning authoring tool (Articulate Storyline 3), image editors--(Adobe Photoshop, TechSmith Snagit, Microsoft PowerPoint), mind mapping (SmartDraw),--and wireframing/prototyping (Adobe XD).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jason Kramer--Senior eLearning Designer Illumina Interactive

SPEAKER_BIO:Jason Kramer is a senior eLearning designer with Illumina Interactive. He gained critical experience in the corporate training world as a senior instructional designer with Citizens Bank, and was part of the award-winning instructional design team at NECB led by Jean Marrapodi. Jason executed the online build-out of the undergraduate philosophy curriculum at the University of Memphis, where he also served as an adjunct faculty member. Jason holds an MA in philosophy.",Putting Visuals to Work for Your eLearning Story - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:609 Game Jams for eLearning: Collaboration to Creation in 72 Hours------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Development----------Montego B------------As gamified learning transforms the L&D field in--positive ways, it also brings along the challenges of game development: design--problems, feature creep, troublesome timeline estimation, and project crunch.--Game developers often say, “Making games is hard.” This is an understatement.--What if there were a fun way to learn how to manage these pitfalls by investing--as little as a few days, prototyping innovative eLearning along the way?--During this session, you’ll learn how you can use the game--jam approach to create eLearning. You’ll look at the experiences of--participants in 2018’s Global Game Jam, the exciting games they created, and--how they designed them. You’ll also explore what can be expected from this--experimental, creative, and community-building process. At the end of this--session, you’ll leave with a clear idea of how game jams work and how you can--apply this style of development to creating engaging eLearning.--In this session, you--will learn:----Why game jams are a unique model for--collaboration that can be used to generate ideas and solve design problems in--L&D as well--How you can implement this effective and fun--strategy yourself--How game jams foster new ways of rapidly--prototyping designs that can lead to better learning experiences--About development pitfalls to avoid that can--lead teams astray from amazing products----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--Game examples from Global Game Jam 2018; general tools of--game and eLearning development.------------Ross Kerr--Instructional Designer National Alliance on Mental Illness--Ross Kerr is an instructional designer for the National Alliance on Mental Illness, where he has rolled out online and blended learning experiences to support NAMI’s national grassroots community. Previously, he spent a decade working as a special educator and award-winning trainer in nonprofits.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:As gamified learning transforms the L&D field in--positive ways, it also brings along the challenges of game development: design--problems, feature creep, troublesome timeline estimation, and project crunch.--Game developers often say, “Making games is hard.” This is an understatement.--What if there were a fun way to learn how to manage these pitfalls by investing--as little as a few days, prototyping innovative eLearning along the way?--During this session, you’ll learn how you can use the game--jam approach to create eLearning. You’ll look at the experiences of--participants in 2018’s Global Game Jam, the exciting games they created, and--how they designed them. You’ll also explore what can be expected from this--experimental, creative, and community-building process. At the end of this--session, you’ll leave with a clear idea of how game jams work and how you can--apply this style of development to creating engaging eLearning.--In this session, you--will learn:----Why game jams are a unique model for--collaboration that can be used to generate ideas and solve design problems in--L&D as well--How you can implement this effective and fun--strategy yourself--How game jams foster new ways of rapidly--prototyping designs that can lead to better learning experiences--About development pitfalls to avoid that can--lead teams astray from amazing products----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--Game examples from Global Game Jam 2018; general tools of--game and eLearning development.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Ross Kerr--Instructional Designer National Alliance on Mental Illness

SPEAKER_BIO:Ross Kerr is an instructional designer for the National Alliance on Mental Illness, where he has rolled out online and blended learning experiences to support NAMI’s national grassroots community. Previously, he spent a decade working as a special educator and award-winning trainer in nonprofits.",Game Jams for eLearning: Collaboration to Creation in 72 Hours - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:610 Designing AR Experiences for Performance Support------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------AR & VR----------Montego C------------While many companies are experimenting with AR in the--L&D space, there are a number of businesses harnessing the power of AR for--enhancing operational performance outside of the training department. How do--these experiences differ, and how can you renew your department’s focus on--performance by taking on more advanced AR solutions in your efforts?--In this session, you will learn practical approaches for--designing effective AR experiences. You’ll discover an approach to strategic--implementation of AR by forming a partnership with functional business units.--You’ll also explore the difference between simple marker-based AR solutions and--more advanced computer vision and machine learning–backed AR. You’ll then look--at how you can integrate AR systems with operational business systems in order--to maximize return on investment and realize the opportunity that AR-enabled--workers represent. Finally, you’ll look at aligning measurement of business--task success and AR experience usage in order to align learning and production.--In this session, you--will learn:----Advanced AR strategy--What markerless AR is, and why it matters--How to approach measuring AR performance support--How businesses are solving big problems with AR--solutions----Audience: --Managers and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive,--etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Augmented reality, ARKit, ARCore, machine learning, text and--object detection and recognition, and xAPI.------------Chad Udell--Managing Partner, Strategy and New Product Development Float--Chad Udell is the managing partner, strategy and new product development, at Float. Chad is author of two books on mobile learning-related topics, Learning Everywhere: How Mobile Content Strategies Are Transforming Training and Mastering Mobile Learning: Tips and Techniques for Success. Chad leads his design and development teams to successful outcomes and award-winning work via a strong background in both disciplines and a singular focus on quality. He is an instructor on interactive design at Bradley University, and in 2015 was presented with The eLearning Guild’s highest award of Guild Master in recognition of his impact on the learning industry. ------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:While many companies are experimenting with AR in the--L&D space, there are a number of businesses harnessing the power of AR for--enhancing operational performance outside of the training department. How do--these experiences differ, and how can you renew your department’s focus on--performance by taking on more advanced AR solutions in your efforts?--In this session, you will learn practical approaches for--designing effective AR experiences. You’ll discover an approach to strategic--implementation of AR by forming a partnership with functional business units.--You’ll also explore the difference between simple marker-based AR solutions and--more advanced computer vision and machine learning–backed AR. You’ll then look--at how you can integrate AR systems with operational business systems in order--to maximize return on investment and realize the opportunity that AR-enabled--workers represent. Finally, you’ll look at aligning measurement of business--task success and AR experience usage in order to align learning and production.--In this session, you--will learn:----Advanced AR strategy--What markerless AR is, and why it matters--How to approach measuring AR performance support--How businesses are solving big problems with AR--solutions----Audience: --Managers and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive,--etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Augmented reality, ARKit, ARCore, machine learning, text and--object detection and recognition, and xAPI.


SPEAKER_NAME:Chad Udell--Managing Partner, Strategy and New Product Development Float"

SPEAKER_BIO:Chad Udell is the managing partner, strategy and new product development, at Float. Chad is author of two books on mobile learning-related topics, Learning Everywhere: How Mobile Content Strategies Are Transforming Training and Mastering Mobile Learning: Tips and Techniques for Success. Chad leads his design and development teams to successful outcomes and award-winning work via a strong background in both disciplines and a singular focus on quality. He is an instructor on interactive design at Bradley University, and in 2015 was presented with The eLearning Guild’s highest award of Guild Master in recognition of his impact on the learning industry. ",Designing AR Experiences for Performance Support - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:611 MacGyver Storyline with APIs------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Tools----------St. Croix A------------Articulate Storyline can be used to create simple and--functional interfaces and user applications when you mix in the power of APIs. You--can use this tool in unexpected ways to create solutions most wouldn’t expect--you could make with a rapid eLearning development tool. It’s easier than you--might imagine to learn how Storyline can talk to API-enabled systems.--In this session you will learn what APIs are, and how the--Postman application can be used to connect to an API and provide the necessary--JavaScript you’ll use in Storyline, allowing you to use this tool in creative--new ways. You’ll take a closer look at an example of this—a telephone call--recording application and opt out of text message application—and then you’ll learn--the basics yourself by looking at the process for creating a Storyline course--that can pull in content from an external source.--In this session, you--will learn:----How Articulate Storyline can talk with other--systems through the power of APIs--How to use Postman to interact with APIs and--create the JavaScript you’ll need for Storyline--How to catch data from an external system, load--it to a variable, and display it in your course--About the basic schema of JSON and how to parse--it--Why Storyline can’t be put in a box--Why APIs are really powerful tools--About the utility of global variables----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed--in this session:--Articulate Storyline, Postman, JavaScript, and JSON.------------Benjamin Duffy--Director, Learning & Performance Development Unum--Benjamin Duffy is a director of learning and performance development at Unum. With more than 25 years of experience in creating digital learning experiences and reference opportunities that span the use of floppy disk to virtual reality, Ben has led training initiatives and teams that supported Unum, Fairchild Semiconductor, the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the US Department of Defense, MCI WorldCom, and FutureHealth. Ben led the Maine ATD eLearning Playgroup from 2007 to 2010, and he has previously presented for The eLearning Guild and at KMWorld. ------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Articulate Storyline can be used to create simple and--functional interfaces and user applications when you mix in the power of APIs. You--can use this tool in unexpected ways to create solutions most wouldn’t expect--you could make with a rapid eLearning development tool. It’s easier than you--might imagine to learn how Storyline can talk to API-enabled systems.--In this session you will learn what APIs are, and how the--Postman application can be used to connect to an API and provide the necessary--JavaScript you’ll use in Storyline, allowing you to use this tool in creative--new ways. You’ll take a closer look at an example of this—a telephone call--recording application and opt out of text message application—and then you’ll learn--the basics yourself by looking at the process for creating a Storyline course--that can pull in content from an external source.--In this session, you--will learn:----How Articulate Storyline can talk with other--systems through the power of APIs--How to use Postman to interact with APIs and--create the JavaScript you’ll need for Storyline--How to catch data from an external system, load--it to a variable, and display it in your course--About the basic schema of JSON and how to parse--it--Why Storyline can’t be put in a box--Why APIs are really powerful tools--About the utility of global variables----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed--in this session:--Articulate Storyline, Postman, JavaScript, and JSON.


SPEAKER_NAME:Benjamin Duffy--Director, Learning & Performance Development Unum"

SPEAKER_BIO:Benjamin Duffy is a director of learning and performance development at Unum. With more than 25 years of experience in creating digital learning experiences and reference opportunities that span the use of floppy disk to virtual reality, Ben has led training initiatives and teams that supported Unum, Fairchild Semiconductor, the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the US Department of Defense, MCI WorldCom, and FutureHealth. Ben led the Maine ATD eLearning Playgroup from 2007 to 2010, and he has previously presented for The eLearning Guild and at KMWorld. ",MacGyver Storyline with APIs - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:612 Precision Video Editing Using Camtasia Studio------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Video & Media----------St. Thomas B------------You’ve captured a video yourself or been given one to--publish, but it isn’t perfect. There might be artifacts in the video that you--want to hide, or you may want to showcase a feature that the video skipped. The--action on the screen might not sync with the audio, or the audio itself might--be bad. You could re-record the entire video—or you could fix it using some--handy editing tricks.--In this session, you’ll be introduced to a host of advanced--video editing features available in TechSmith Camtasia Studio. Learn how to--splice, speed, or extend recorded video to show the features the viewer needs--to see, perfectly synced with the audio. Drop in images, annotations, or--supplementary video to enhance the original presentation, and employ techniques--such as transitions and animations to focus viewer attention. You’ll also get tips--for optimizing and editing your video’s audio.--In this session, you--will learn:----How to use Extend Frame and Clip Speed to--synchronize the video with the audio--How to drop in images to mask video problems or--show missing features--How to make effective use of annotations and--Zoom-n-Pan to focus viewer attention--How to integrate audio and video elements to--make an engaging presentation----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed--in this session:--TechSmith Camtasia Studio, all supported platforms.-------- -------------------- ----------------Marie DesJardin--Senior Application Learning Consultant Verint Systems--Marie DesJardin is a senior application learning consultant at Verint Systems. She brings more than 20 years --of technical communications expertise to the art of designing and producing interactive, multimedia online --courses and microlearning training videos for desktop and mobile delivery. Her overhaul of her company’s --eLearning program boosted revenues, reduced customer support costs, and earned her a Circle of Excellence --and a Mission-Critical Delivery award. Marie is an active speaker and participant in the Denver eLearning --community, as well as a professional fiction and screenplay author.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:You’ve captured a video yourself or been given one to--publish, but it isn’t perfect. There might be artifacts in the video that you--want to hide, or you may want to showcase a feature that the video skipped. The--action on the screen might not sync with the audio, or the audio itself might--be bad. You could re-record the entire video—or you could fix it using some--handy editing tricks.--In this session, you’ll be introduced to a host of advanced--video editing features available in TechSmith Camtasia Studio. Learn how to--splice, speed, or extend recorded video to show the features the viewer needs--to see, perfectly synced with the audio. Drop in images, annotations, or--supplementary video to enhance the original presentation, and employ techniques--such as transitions and animations to focus viewer attention. You’ll also get tips--for optimizing and editing your video’s audio.--In this session, you--will learn:----How to use Extend Frame and Clip Speed to--synchronize the video with the audio--How to drop in images to mask video problems or--show missing features--How to make effective use of annotations and--Zoom-n-Pan to focus viewer attention--How to integrate audio and video elements to--make an engaging presentation----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed--in this session:--TechSmith Camtasia Studio, all supported platforms.-------- -------------------- ----,

SPEAKER_NAME:Marie DesJardin--Senior Application Learning Consultant Verint Systems

SPEAKER_BIO:Marie DesJardin is a senior application learning consultant at Verint Systems. She brings more than 20 years --of technical communications expertise to the art of designing and producing interactive, multimedia online --courses and microlearning training videos for desktop and mobile delivery. Her overhaul of her company’s --eLearning program boosted revenues, reduced customer support costs, and earned her a Circle of Excellence --and a Mission-Critical Delivery award. Marie is an active speaker and participant in the Denver eLearning --community, as well as a professional fiction and screenplay author.",Precision Video Editing Using Camtasia Studio - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:613 The Technologies Enabling New Approaches to Learning------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Emerging Tech----------Montego DE------------Learning is a vital part of individual and organizational--success, but traditional methods of instruction are falling flat. Today’s--learners not only want, but expect, consumer-grade learning experiences—not--only regarding content, but accessibility of information and sophistication of--learning interfaces. Now, L&D professionals are being tasked with creating--learning and training ecosystems that provide information at the point of need--and meet the on-demand workflow of today’s professionals.--The world of L&D is entering the next frontier of--learning, and in this session, you will explore how organizations can leverage--emerging technologies to enable and encourage more relevant learning methods--that meet the needs of “anytime-anywhere” learners. You will learn why--performance-adjacent tools—accessible with minimal friction, allowing quick--support to solve a problem and return to a workflow—are critical for today’s--learners; and about the technologies that make this method of learning possible--in modern eLearning environments, such as artificial intelligence (AI), augmented--reality (AR), and natural language processing (NLP), among others.--In this session, you--will learn:----About the impacts that technologies like VI, AI,--AR, Jupyter Notebook, and NLP are having on learning interfaces--The importance of performance-adjacent learning--and high-scale/high-interaction learning in the modern learning portfolio--How to incorporate these learning strategies in--your organization to enable continuous, frictionless learning--About the data that supports the demand for--these new forms of learning, and how they’re already being implemented----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--eLearning tools, voice interfaces, artificial intelligence,--augmented reality, natural language processing, Jupyter Notebook, and mobile--devices.------------Karen Hebert-Maccaro--Chief Learning Experience Officer O’Reilly--Karen Hebert-Maccaro is the chief content officer at O’Reilly, responsible for --leading the organization’s content and learning strategy. She oversees the --development programs for O’Reilly’s learning and training platform, manages --both creation and curation of available content, and directs the internal --editorial teams in acquisition, development, and delivery of content for --learning, training, and events. Prior to O’Reilly, Karen served in various talent --management roles including vice president of people development and chief --learning officer for companies in biotechnology and healthcare. She holds a --PhD from Boston College, an EdM from Boston University, and a BA from the --University of Massachusetts.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Learning is a vital part of individual and organizational--success, but traditional methods of instruction are falling flat. Today’s--learners not only want, but expect, consumer-grade learning experiences—not--only regarding content, but accessibility of information and sophistication of--learning interfaces. Now, L&D professionals are being tasked with creating--learning and training ecosystems that provide information at the point of need--and meet the on-demand workflow of today’s professionals.--The world of L&D is entering the next frontier of--learning, and in this session, you will explore how organizations can leverage--emerging technologies to enable and encourage more relevant learning methods--that meet the needs of “anytime-anywhere” learners. You will learn why--performance-adjacent tools—accessible with minimal friction, allowing quick--support to solve a problem and return to a workflow—are critical for today’s--learners; and about the technologies that make this method of learning possible--in modern eLearning environments, such as artificial intelligence (AI), augmented--reality (AR), and natural language processing (NLP), among others.--In this session, you--will learn:----About the impacts that technologies like VI, AI,--AR, Jupyter Notebook, and NLP are having on learning interfaces--The importance of performance-adjacent learning--and high-scale/high-interaction learning in the modern learning portfolio--How to incorporate these learning strategies in--your organization to enable continuous, frictionless learning--About the data that supports the demand for--these new forms of learning, and how they’re already being implemented----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--eLearning tools, voice interfaces, artificial intelligence,--augmented reality, natural language processing, Jupyter Notebook, and mobile--devices.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Karen Hebert-Maccaro--Chief Learning Experience Officer O’Reilly

SPEAKER_BIO:Karen Hebert-Maccaro is the chief content officer at O’Reilly, responsible for --leading the organization’s content and learning strategy. She oversees the --development programs for O’Reilly’s learning and training platform, manages --both creation and curation of available content, and directs the internal --editorial teams in acquisition, development, and delivery of content for --learning, training, and events. Prior to O’Reilly, Karen served in various talent --management roles including vice president of people development and chief --learning officer for companies in biotechnology and healthcare. She holds a --PhD from Boston College, an EdM from Boston University, and a BA from the --University of Massachusetts.",The Technologies Enabling New Approaches to Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:614 Using Chatbots to Scale Training Resources------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Emerging Tech----------St. Thomas A------------Training teams are too commonly asked to do more than their--resources allow. Training executives are left scrambling to tackle the--challenge of servicing a complex organization with learners spanning different--geographies, job functions, and development needs. While the recent investment boom--in learning technologies has started to scale capacity, it still can feel like--it’s not enough, leaving training executives searching for better solutions.--In this session, you’ll learn how chatbots can be an--effective platform to scale training resources. Chatbots can be both a--cost-effective and robust solution to engage learners in any country and--language, and can support all levels of employees and leaders. You’ll learn how--you can design a chatbot to be both a performance support tool (providing--on-demand job aids) as well as a virtual facilitator and coach (ensuring--knowledge transference and learning accountability).--In this session, you--will learn:----What a chatbot is--About common uses for chatbots in training--From case study data showing engagement rates--among different learner groups--About different chatbot authoring and design--options in the market--When to choose a chatbot versus a mobile app--How a chatbot can deep link into existing--learning resources----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Facebook Messenger, Telegram, LINE, WeChat, and SMS.------------Vincent Han--CEO and Founder Mobile Coach--Vince Han is the CEO and founder of Mobile Coach, which builds technology --to facilitate and improve employee training opportunities. He holds an MBA --from the MIT Sloan School of Management and completed his --undergraduate degree at Brigham Young University.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Training teams are too commonly asked to do more than their--resources allow. Training executives are left scrambling to tackle the--challenge of servicing a complex organization with learners spanning different--geographies, job functions, and development needs. While the recent investment boom--in learning technologies has started to scale capacity, it still can feel like--it’s not enough, leaving training executives searching for better solutions.--In this session, you’ll learn how chatbots can be an--effective platform to scale training resources. Chatbots can be both a--cost-effective and robust solution to engage learners in any country and--language, and can support all levels of employees and leaders. You’ll learn how--you can design a chatbot to be both a performance support tool (providing--on-demand job aids) as well as a virtual facilitator and coach (ensuring--knowledge transference and learning accountability).--In this session, you--will learn:----What a chatbot is--About common uses for chatbots in training--From case study data showing engagement rates--among different learner groups--About different chatbot authoring and design--options in the market--When to choose a chatbot versus a mobile app--How a chatbot can deep link into existing--learning resources----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Facebook Messenger, Telegram, LINE, WeChat, and SMS.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Vincent Han--CEO and Founder Mobile Coach

SPEAKER_BIO:Vince Han is the CEO and founder of Mobile Coach, which builds technology --to facilitate and improve employee training opportunities. He holds an MBA --from the MIT Sloan School of Management and completed his --undergraduate degree at Brigham Young University.",Using Chatbots to Scale Training Resources - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:615 BYOD: Getting Started on Adding JavaScript to Captivate------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Tools----------Trinidad AB------------Adobe Captivate is a great tool for developing eLearning--courses. However, many seasoned developers have hit walls as they want more--functionality than what’s available. Adding JavaScript will open many more--doors, but it can be a daunting task. Coding can be overwhelming and difficult--to grasp. Even if you have an understanding in JavaScript, knowing where to--place the code in Captivate can be a challenge.--This hands-on session will help guide you in learning the--basics of JavaScript. You will then look at incorporating the code into--Captivate in the appropriate locations. You’ll see how JavaScript can add--functionality and save time in the development of your courses. This session is--geared for those who are new to JavaScript. --In this session, you--will learn:----How to create simple JavaScript within a webpage--How to create a randomize function--Approaches for inserting JavaScript into the--frame of a Captivate file--How to create random feedback using arrays--Ways to change a multi-state object based on--values in JavaScript----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--Adobe Captivate (2017) and text editors (Brackets, Adobe--Dreamweaver).--Technology required:--Laptop running Captivate (2017) and a text editor (Brackets,--Dreamweaver).------------Phil Cowcill--Senior eLearning Specialist Canadian Department of National Defence--Phil Cowcill is a senior eLearning specialist with the Canadian Department of National Defence, where he works with the Air Force in the Air Worthiness division. Phil started his multimedia development in 1983. In 1985, his team developed Canada’s first Level III interactive videodisc. In 1995, he was hired to set up, coordinate, and teach an interactive multimedia postgraduate program. In 2011, Phil coordinated and taught in Canada’s first postgraduate mobile application development program. Phil also travels and speaks at a variety of educational and multimedia conferences all over North America.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Adobe Captivate is a great tool for developing eLearning--courses. However, many seasoned developers have hit walls as they want more--functionality than what’s available. Adding JavaScript will open many more--doors, but it can be a daunting task. Coding can be overwhelming and difficult--to grasp. Even if you have an understanding in JavaScript, knowing where to--place the code in Captivate can be a challenge.--This hands-on session will help guide you in learning the--basics of JavaScript. You will then look at incorporating the code into--Captivate in the appropriate locations. You’ll see how JavaScript can add--functionality and save time in the development of your courses. This session is--geared for those who are new to JavaScript. --In this session, you--will learn:----How to create simple JavaScript within a webpage--How to create a randomize function--Approaches for inserting JavaScript into the--frame of a Captivate file--How to create random feedback using arrays--Ways to change a multi-state object based on--values in JavaScript----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--Adobe Captivate (2017) and text editors (Brackets, Adobe--Dreamweaver).--Technology required:--Laptop running Captivate (2017) and a text editor (Brackets,--Dreamweaver).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Phil Cowcill--Senior eLearning Specialist Canadian Department of National Defence

SPEAKER_BIO:Phil Cowcill is a senior eLearning specialist with the Canadian Department of National Defence, where he works with the Air Force in the Air Worthiness division. Phil started his multimedia development in 1983. In 1985, his team developed Canada’s first Level III interactive videodisc. In 1995, he was hired to set up, coordinate, and teach an interactive multimedia postgraduate program. In 2011, Phil coordinated and taught in Canada’s first postgraduate mobile application development program. Phil also travels and speaks at a variety of educational and multimedia conferences all over North America.",BYOD: Getting Started on Adding JavaScript to Captivate - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:616 BYOD: Set Up Your Storyline Development for Speed------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Tools----------Martinique AB------------Stakeholders typically want their courses fast, cheap, and--good. And if you jump too quickly into developing slides, it can cost you extra--time down the road—especially when they come back with change requests.--Fortunately, there are simple things you can do at the very--beginning of a new Storyline project that can make the development go much--faster. In this hands-on session, you’ll learn how to use color themes, master--slides, feedback masters, and default shapes, along with other tips and--shortcuts. When you set up your course with speed in mind, not only will you be--able to develop slides more quickly, but you’ll also create a Storyline course--that’s more consistent-looking, and you’ll make it easier for other people to--jump in and help without “messing up” your design.--In this session, you--will learn:----How to use color and font themes to be more--consistent and respond more quickly to changes--How to use slide masters and feedback masters to--help you create slides and interactions more quickly--How to identify your most commonly used design--elements and make them easier to access--How to customize Storyline for more efficient--development----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed--in this session:--Articulate Storyline.--Technology required:--Laptop with Articulate Storyline (trial version OK).------------Diane Elkins--Co-Founder Artisan E-Learning and E-Learning Uncovered--Diane Elkins is a co-owner of E-Learning Uncovered and of Artisan E-Learning, --a custom eLearning development company specializing in Articulate Studio, --Storyline, Trivantis Lectora, and Adobe Captivate. Diane has built a reputation --as a national eLearning expert by being a frequent speaker at major industry --events, such as ATD ICE, ATD TechKnowledge, DevLearn, and Learning --Solutions. She is also the co-author of the popular E-Learning Uncovered book --series as well as E-Learning Fundamentals: A Practical Guide, from ATD Press. --She is a past board member of the Northeast Florida and Metro DC chapters --of ATD.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Stakeholders typically want their courses fast, cheap, and--good. And if you jump too quickly into developing slides, it can cost you extra--time down the road—especially when they come back with change requests.--Fortunately, there are simple things you can do at the very--beginning of a new Storyline project that can make the development go much--faster. In this hands-on session, you’ll learn how to use color themes, master--slides, feedback masters, and default shapes, along with other tips and--shortcuts. When you set up your course with speed in mind, not only will you be--able to develop slides more quickly, but you’ll also create a Storyline course--that’s more consistent-looking, and you’ll make it easier for other people to--jump in and help without “messing up” your design.--In this session, you--will learn:----How to use color and font themes to be more--consistent and respond more quickly to changes--How to use slide masters and feedback masters to--help you create slides and interactions more quickly--How to identify your most commonly used design--elements and make them easier to access--How to customize Storyline for more efficient--development----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed--in this session:--Articulate Storyline.--Technology required:--Laptop with Articulate Storyline (trial version OK).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Diane Elkins--Co-Founder Artisan E-Learning and E-Learning Uncovered

SPEAKER_BIO:Diane Elkins is a co-owner of E-Learning Uncovered and of Artisan E-Learning, --a custom eLearning development company specializing in Articulate Studio, --Storyline, Trivantis Lectora, and Adobe Captivate. Diane has built a reputation --as a national eLearning expert by being a frequent speaker at major industry --events, such as ATD ICE, ATD TechKnowledge, DevLearn, and Learning --Solutions. She is also the co-author of the popular E-Learning Uncovered book --series as well as E-Learning Fundamentals: A Practical Guide, from ATD Press. --She is a past board member of the Northeast Florida and Metro DC chapters --of ATD.",BYOD: Set Up Your Storyline Development for Speed - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:701 Transforming Skills Development Through Communities of Practice------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Instructional Design----------Montego C------------Communities of practice have been around since humans started--using stories to share knowledge and information. People instinctively rely on the--expertise of their social and professional networks to solve problems and learn--new things—it’s practically in our collective DNA. Why, then, do countless attempts--to create and cultivate communities of practice in the workplace either lose momentum--or fail to get off the ground altogether?--In this session, you’ll learn how communities of practice can--amplify skills development within an organization. Find out how to define a clear--value proposition for a community that gets buy-in from key stakeholders and community--members, as well as the success factors needed to generate and sustain member enthusiasm.--In addition, you’ll learn how stories can help capture and demonstrate the short---and long-term value of a community.--In this session, you will--learn:----Practical techniques for establishing and fostering--communities of practice--How to articulate a clear purpose and a value proposition--that builds credibility for a community--How to use stories and value creation data to demonstrate--the success of learning communities--The key differentiators between communities of practice--and social and network groups--Techniques for energizing community members and sustaining--engagement----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Online social learning and user-generated content platforms.------------Allan McKinley--Principal Learning Consultant Capital One--Allan McKinley is a principal learning consultant at Capital One. He has designed learning experiences in partnership with organizations including Drexel University, University of Michigan, Corporate Executive Board, MIT, and Penn State University. He has also advised and consulted numerous Fortune 500 companies on creating digital, social-collaborative learning journeys. Allan’s areas of focus include video-based learning, social learning, and virtual communities that showcase and leverage peer expertise. Allan has degrees from the University of Delaware and Saint Joseph’s University, and spent the early portion of his career as a journalist and writer. --------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Communities of practice have been around since humans started--using stories to share knowledge and information. People instinctively rely on the--expertise of their social and professional networks to solve problems and learn--new things—it’s practically in our collective DNA. Why, then, do countless attempts--to create and cultivate communities of practice in the workplace either lose momentum--or fail to get off the ground altogether?--In this session, you’ll learn how communities of practice can--amplify skills development within an organization. Find out how to define a clear--value proposition for a community that gets buy-in from key stakeholders and community--members, as well as the success factors needed to generate and sustain member enthusiasm.--In addition, you’ll learn how stories can help capture and demonstrate the short---and long-term value of a community.--In this session, you will--learn:----Practical techniques for establishing and fostering--communities of practice--How to articulate a clear purpose and a value proposition--that builds credibility for a community--How to use stories and value creation data to demonstrate--the success of learning communities--The key differentiators between communities of practice--and social and network groups--Techniques for energizing community members and sustaining--engagement----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Online social learning and user-generated content platforms.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Allan McKinley--Principal Learning Consultant Capital One

SPEAKER_BIO:Allan McKinley is a principal learning consultant at Capital One. He has designed learning experiences in partnership with organizations including Drexel University, University of Michigan, Corporate Executive Board, MIT, and Penn State University. He has also advised and consulted numerous Fortune 500 companies on creating digital, social-collaborative learning journeys. Allan’s areas of focus include video-based learning, social learning, and virtual communities that showcase and leverage peer expertise. Allan has degrees from the University of Delaware and Saint Joseph’s University, and spent the early portion of his career as a journalist and writer. ,Transforming Skills Development Through Communities of Practice - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:702 eLearning Science 101------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Instructional Design----------Jamaica AB------------Too much of instructional design is about what to do, rather--than why. And there’s the small problem that when push comes to shove—when the answers--aren’t obvious, or when recommendations collide—you need a basis for deciding. That--basis is a deeper understanding of the cognitive science behind learning. It’s not--rocket science, but it is more complex than “post content and ask quiz questions.”--In this interactive session, you’ll find out about the basis--of learning science from the neural level on up. You’ll explore the mechanisms that--underpin effective learning, as well as the implications. You’ll also look at the--myths and superstitions that pervade L&D yet lead to wrong predictions, empty--promises, and ultimately wasted money. You’ll explore when and why scenarios and--simulations make sense, learn how to write better quiz questions, and unpack terms--like microlearning and retrieval practice. You’ll leave with a basis to refine your--own practices and evaluate new proposals. Come get the underpinnings of being a--professional.--In this session, you will--learn:----The simple neural picture--How learning works--What hinders learning--About science-based learning strategies----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).------------Clark Quinn--Executive Director Quinnovation--Clark Quinn is the executive director of Quinnovation. Clark, a PhD, provides strategic learning technology solutions to Fortune 500, government, not-for-profit, and educational organizations. An internationally known consultant, speaker, and author of five books as well as numerous articles and chapters, he integrates a deep understanding of thinking and learning with broad experience in technology to improve organizational execution, innovation, and ultimately performance. ------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Too much of instructional design is about what to do, rather--than why. And there’s the small problem that when push comes to shove—when the answers--aren’t obvious, or when recommendations collide—you need a basis for deciding. That--basis is a deeper understanding of the cognitive science behind learning. It’s not--rocket science, but it is more complex than “post content and ask quiz questions.”--In this interactive session, you’ll find out about the basis--of learning science from the neural level on up. You’ll explore the mechanisms that--underpin effective learning, as well as the implications. You’ll also look at the--myths and superstitions that pervade L&D yet lead to wrong predictions, empty--promises, and ultimately wasted money. You’ll explore when and why scenarios and--simulations make sense, learn how to write better quiz questions, and unpack terms--like microlearning and retrieval practice. You’ll leave with a basis to refine your--own practices and evaluate new proposals. Come get the underpinnings of being a--professional.--In this session, you will--learn:----The simple neural picture--How learning works--What hinders learning--About science-based learning strategies----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Clark Quinn--Executive Director Quinnovation

SPEAKER_BIO:Clark Quinn is the executive director of Quinnovation. Clark, a PhD, provides strategic learning technology solutions to Fortune 500, government, not-for-profit, and educational organizations. An internationally known consultant, speaker, and author of five books as well as numerous articles and chapters, he integrates a deep understanding of thinking and learning with broad experience in technology to improve organizational execution, innovation, and ultimately performance. ",eLearning Science 101 - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:703 Interact and Engage! Activities for Spectacular Live Online Events------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Instructional Design----------Montego DE------------Whether it’s an online meeting, a presentation via webinar, or--live online training, engagement is the main question on everyone’s mind. Interaction--is the answer to engagement, and leveraging the features of the platform you use--is the answer to interaction. However, the features alone do not engage participants.--It is what you choose to do with those features that will make the difference in--your next virtual training, webinar, or meeting.--In this session, you’ll learn how to create interaction, accountability,--and engagement in your live online events. You’ll review specific activity examples--along with a platform checklist to help you learn online meeting technology. You’ll--discuss the challenges attendees face each day, and brainstorm and share ideas on--how to overcome them. You’ll also receive an activity design job aid, so you have--a guideline to create your own engaging activities for your events. Interaction,--laughter, and discussion are expected, so come prepared to contribute and learn--how to make engaging virtual events a reality!--In this session, you will--learn:----How engaging live online meetings, webinars, and--training events are delivered--Tips for determining the appropriate level of interaction--to create effective live online events--Strategies for analyzing activities for specific--engagement techniques to apply to your own activity design--How to use a checklist of platform features to optimize--the investment in your virtual meeting technology----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, presenters, and trainers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Live online virtual sessions using: WebEx, Adobe Connect, Zoom,--MS Skype for Business, AirClass, GoToMeeting, GoToTraining, GoToWebinar, and anything--else the participants mention they are using.------------Kassy LaBorie-Stone--Principal Consultant Kassy LaBorie Consulting--Kassy LaBorie-Stone is an independent consultant, speaker, --instructional designer, classroom facilitator, and author who specializes --in technology, virtual teams, and online learning. She’s the co-author --of Interact and Engage! 50+ Activities for Virtual Training, Meetings, --and Webinars. Her consultancy partners with organizations and --training professionals to help them develop successful online training --strategies. In her previous role at Dale Carnegie, Kassy was the --director of virtual training services and the product design architect --responsible for developing the company’s live online training product --and experience. ------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Whether it’s an online meeting, a presentation via webinar, or--live online training, engagement is the main question on everyone’s mind. Interaction--is the answer to engagement, and leveraging the features of the platform you use--is the answer to interaction. However, the features alone do not engage participants.--It is what you choose to do with those features that will make the difference in--your next virtual training, webinar, or meeting.--In this session, you’ll learn how to create interaction, accountability,--and engagement in your live online events. You’ll review specific activity examples--along with a platform checklist to help you learn online meeting technology. You’ll--discuss the challenges attendees face each day, and brainstorm and share ideas on--how to overcome them. You’ll also receive an activity design job aid, so you have--a guideline to create your own engaging activities for your events. Interaction,--laughter, and discussion are expected, so come prepared to contribute and learn--how to make engaging virtual events a reality!--In this session, you will--learn:----How engaging live online meetings, webinars, and--training events are delivered--Tips for determining the appropriate level of interaction--to create effective live online events--Strategies for analyzing activities for specific--engagement techniques to apply to your own activity design--How to use a checklist of platform features to optimize--the investment in your virtual meeting technology----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, presenters, and trainers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Live online virtual sessions using: WebEx, Adobe Connect, Zoom,--MS Skype for Business, AirClass, GoToMeeting, GoToTraining, GoToWebinar, and anything--else the participants mention they are using.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Kassy LaBorie-Stone--Principal Consultant Kassy LaBorie Consulting

SPEAKER_BIO:Kassy LaBorie-Stone is an independent consultant, speaker, --instructional designer, classroom facilitator, and author who specializes --in technology, virtual teams, and online learning. She’s the co-author --of Interact and Engage! 50+ Activities for Virtual Training, Meetings, --and Webinars. Her consultancy partners with organizations and --training professionals to help them develop successful online training --strategies. In her previous role at Dale Carnegie, Kassy was the --director of virtual training services and the product design architect --responsible for developing the company’s live online training product --and experience. ",Interact and Engage! Activities for Spectacular Live Online Events - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:704 Multiplying Your L&D Capacity with Employee-Generated Learning------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Management and Strategy----------Andros AB------------Tighter budgets, smaller L&D teams, and an increasing number--of learning requests. You can’t do more with less. Or can you? L&D needs a new--approach—and one that can be built in-house by leveraging internal expertise. What--if there were an option for L&D to put the employees at the center of the learning--ecosystem and enable them to drive and self-serve their training needs?--In this session, you’ll learn how an employee-generated learning--(EGL) model can help L&D overcome these challenges and why it complements the--existing L&D interventions. You’ll uncover how to practically implement EGL,--and explore the best practices drawn from companies such as Nielsen, Unilever, and--Electrolux. You’ll analyze the barriers and opportunities (including didactics and--technical aspects) to implement EGL at scale. Finally, you’ll leave the session--with actionable ideas on how to get started with this approach and an understanding--of the suitability of this approach to your organization.--In this session, you will--learn:----What employee-generated learning (EGL) is, and what--it can mean for your organization--How to start the shift toward EGL--Practical L&D applications and examples of EGL--Challenges and opportunities when implementing EGL----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).------------Kasper Spiro--CEO Easygenerator--Kasper Spiro is the CEO of Easygenerator and an eLearning blogger, author (for eLearning Industry, Learning Solutions and others), and presenter at eLearning conferences all over the world. He believes the L&D industry is in the midst of fundamental changes. Kasper has over 30 years of experience in the field of learning and over 20 years in the eLearning industry: teaching, authoring textbooks, designing and creating eLearning, and developing knowledge management systems, user performance support systems, and eLearning systems. His previous roles include CEO of an early internet startup in the 1990s.------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Tighter budgets, smaller L&D teams, and an increasing number--of learning requests. You can’t do more with less. Or can you? L&D needs a new--approach—and one that can be built in-house by leveraging internal expertise. What--if there were an option for L&D to put the employees at the center of the learning--ecosystem and enable them to drive and self-serve their training needs?--In this session, you’ll learn how an employee-generated learning--(EGL) model can help L&D overcome these challenges and why it complements the--existing L&D interventions. You’ll uncover how to practically implement EGL,--and explore the best practices drawn from companies such as Nielsen, Unilever, and--Electrolux. You’ll analyze the barriers and opportunities (including didactics and--technical aspects) to implement EGL at scale. Finally, you’ll leave the session--with actionable ideas on how to get started with this approach and an understanding--of the suitability of this approach to your organization.--In this session, you will--learn:----What employee-generated learning (EGL) is, and what--it can mean for your organization--How to start the shift toward EGL--Practical L&D applications and examples of EGL--Challenges and opportunities when implementing EGL----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Kasper Spiro--CEO Easygenerator

SPEAKER_BIO:Kasper Spiro is the CEO of Easygenerator and an eLearning blogger, author (for eLearning Industry, Learning Solutions and others), and presenter at eLearning conferences all over the world. He believes the L&D industry is in the midst of fundamental changes. Kasper has over 30 years of experience in the field of learning and over 20 years in the eLearning industry: teaching, authoring textbooks, designing and creating eLearning, and developing knowledge management systems, user performance support systems, and eLearning systems. His previous roles include CEO of an early internet startup in the 1990s.",Multiplying Your L&D Capacity with Employee-Generated Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:705 Learning Professionals as True Business Partners------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Management and Strategy----------St. Croix B------------As a training manager or instructional designer, have you found--yourself on the outside looking in when business decisions are made? Do you have--a seat at the table when business strategy is discussed within your organization?--Are you in the unenviable position of reacting to others’ decisions regarding employee--training rather than influencing or leading the conversation? That doesn’t have--to stop you from changing the situation and becoming a true business partner who--can help drive strategy.--In this session, you will learn how to advocate for a seat at--the table by proving you can align learning with business strategy and execute on--business goals. You will examine how to move your learning strategy from training--to a performance improvement focus. You will learn a variety of performance improvement--techniques to increase the effectiveness of your learning projects. You will leave--this session armed with ideas for skills to develop and tools to help you become--a better business partner in your organization. There is a seat at the table waiting--for you.--In this session, you will--learn:----What may be holding you back from having a seat at--the leadership table--Why your career as a learning professional should--be more about performance improvement than just training--What senior leadership looks for in a true business--partner--Skills and techniques to improve your business acumen----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs,--executives, etc.).------------Sonya Overstreet--North America Learning and Development Manager Leadec Industrial Services--Sonya Overstreet is the North America learning and development manager for Leadec Industrial Services and a certified performance technologist. --She has over 20 years of experience in engineering, performance --improvement, and L&D. Throughout her career, Sonya managed the --development of technical training within a variety of industries. She --has presented at conferences for the American Society for --Engineering Education and the International Society for Performance Improvement. Sonya holds a master of science degree in instructional design and performance technology. Her awards include Technology Rising Star 2017 from the Women of Color STEM Conference and the Excellence in --Practices Operation 2016.------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:As a training manager or instructional designer, have you found--yourself on the outside looking in when business decisions are made? Do you have--a seat at the table when business strategy is discussed within your organization?--Are you in the unenviable position of reacting to others’ decisions regarding employee--training rather than influencing or leading the conversation? That doesn’t have--to stop you from changing the situation and becoming a true business partner who--can help drive strategy.--In this session, you will learn how to advocate for a seat at--the table by proving you can align learning with business strategy and execute on--business goals. You will examine how to move your learning strategy from training--to a performance improvement focus. You will learn a variety of performance improvement--techniques to increase the effectiveness of your learning projects. You will leave--this session armed with ideas for skills to develop and tools to help you become--a better business partner in your organization. There is a seat at the table waiting--for you.--In this session, you will--learn:----What may be holding you back from having a seat at--the leadership table--Why your career as a learning professional should--be more about performance improvement than just training--What senior leadership looks for in a true business--partner--Skills and techniques to improve your business acumen----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs,--executives, etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Sonya Overstreet--North America Learning and Development Manager Leadec Industrial Services

SPEAKER_BIO:Sonya Overstreet is the North America learning and development manager for Leadec Industrial Services and a certified performance technologist. --She has over 20 years of experience in engineering, performance --improvement, and L&D. Throughout her career, Sonya managed the --development of technical training within a variety of industries. She --has presented at conferences for the American Society for --Engineering Education and the International Society for Performance Improvement. Sonya holds a master of science degree in instructional design and performance technology. Her awards include Technology Rising Star 2017 from the Women of Color STEM Conference and the Excellence in --Practices Operation 2016.",Learning Professionals as True Business Partners - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:706 xAPI 201: Move from Experimentation to Mastery------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Data and Measurement----------Antigua B------------You have a conceptual understanding of xAPI but don’t know how--to graduate from playing with xAPI to using it for serious business. How do you--handle security? Can you be confident that systems work together in a trustworthy--fashion? What is a profile, and how does it allow for consistent meaning-making?--This session will provide a 201 for xAPI so you can kick off your first project--with confidence.--This session will address three core considerations to help you--get started with xAPI: security, trust, and profiles. When it comes to security,--you’ll learn the basics regarding authentication for both launched and non-launched--learning content. You will learn how to build trust using statement signing, infrastructure,--and encryption, which will help you rest assured when it comes to the veracity of--statements. You’ll also learn the basics for using profiles in your organization--so that you can create meaningful reports based on consistently expressed activities.--In this session, you will--learn:----Best practices regarding security, trust, and profiles,--and why they are important for xAPI-based systems--How cmi5, OAuth, and server-to-server communication--affect security--How to guarantee trust through statement signing,--private keys, and encryption--Best practices for leveraging profiles that allow--your systems to make meaning from statements and explore the business impact of--learning--How to ask informed questions and assess vendors--who support xAPI to ensure their platform suits your needs----Audience: --Developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.). ----Technology discussed in--this session:--eLearning standards (xAPI, cmi5, AICC, and SCORM) and their impact--on eLearning platforms (LMSs, LRSs, gamification platforms, authoring tools, learning--systems, etc.).------------TJ Seabrooks--CEO Rustici Software--TJ Seabrooks is the CEO at Rustici Software, which helps eLearning companies work well together through compliance with specifications like SCORM or xAPI; before that he served as the director of products. TJ is influential in the evolution of eLearning standards; he played an integral role in the contribution to two Broad Agency Announcements (BAAs) awarded to Rustici by Advanced Distributed Learning Initiative (ADL) and has been a key contributor to the xAPI specification since 2012. TJ holds an MS in computer science from Vanderbilt University and a BS in computer science from Mount Vernon Nazarene University.------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:You have a conceptual understanding of xAPI but don’t know how--to graduate from playing with xAPI to using it for serious business. How do you--handle security? Can you be confident that systems work together in a trustworthy--fashion? What is a profile, and how does it allow for consistent meaning-making?--This session will provide a 201 for xAPI so you can kick off your first project--with confidence.--This session will address three core considerations to help you--get started with xAPI: security, trust, and profiles. When it comes to security,--you’ll learn the basics regarding authentication for both launched and non-launched--learning content. You will learn how to build trust using statement signing, infrastructure,--and encryption, which will help you rest assured when it comes to the veracity of--statements. You’ll also learn the basics for using profiles in your organization--so that you can create meaningful reports based on consistently expressed activities.--In this session, you will--learn:----Best practices regarding security, trust, and profiles,--and why they are important for xAPI-based systems--How cmi5, OAuth, and server-to-server communication--affect security--How to guarantee trust through statement signing,--private keys, and encryption--Best practices for leveraging profiles that allow--your systems to make meaning from statements and explore the business impact of--learning--How to ask informed questions and assess vendors--who support xAPI to ensure their platform suits your needs----Audience: --Developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.). ----Technology discussed in--this session:--eLearning standards (xAPI, cmi5, AICC, and SCORM) and their impact--on eLearning platforms (LMSs, LRSs, gamification platforms, authoring tools, learning--systems, etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:TJ Seabrooks--CEO Rustici Software

SPEAKER_BIO:TJ Seabrooks is the CEO at Rustici Software, which helps eLearning companies work well together through compliance with specifications like SCORM or xAPI; before that he served as the director of products. TJ is influential in the evolution of eLearning standards; he played an integral role in the contribution to two Broad Agency Announcements (BAAs) awarded to Rustici by Advanced Distributed Learning Initiative (ADL) and has been a key contributor to the xAPI specification since 2012. TJ holds an MS in computer science from Vanderbilt University and a BS in computer science from Mount Vernon Nazarene University.",xAPI 201: Move from Experimentation to Mastery - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:208 The Modern L&D Toolkit: Where Does Gamification Fit In?------------1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Games and Gamification----------St. Croix B------------If you’ve ever wondered why video games skyrocket in adoption,--it’s because they’re created with a complex behavioral science foundation and psychology--behind the scenes. For L&D professionals, these same principles can become practice--through gamification, allowing you to take your initiatives to the next level. But--before blindly jumping on the new, shiny-toy bandwagon, it’s important to understand--what a successful gamification strategy entails and how to ultimately drive behavior--change.--Before getting carried away with the gamification hype, it’s--crucial for L&D professionals to understand that there’s more to it than just--badges and leaderboards. This session will dive into the innovative ways businesses--are using game-based mechanics, aesthetics, and game thinking to impact employees--from day one: onboarding. You’ll explore the steps you can take to incorporate gamification--into onboarding to create engaged and motivated employees, leading to increased--productivity and retention.--In this session, you will--learn:----What the core drivers of motivation are, and how--they relate to gamification--How to thoughtfully implement gamification into onboarding--and L&D programs--What to avoid when implementing gamification strategies--How gamification can increase engagement and impact--productivity----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).------------Shelley Osborne--Head of Learning and Development Udemy--Shelley Osborne is head of learning and development at Udemy. She has over 14 years of experience in the education sector and in corporate L&D. Previously, she was vice president of learning and development at Farside HR Solutions, specializing in talent leadership, management training, and soft skills development for startups. At Udemy, Shelley leads and executes the learning strategy for Udemy employees. She has a master’s degree in education from the University of Calgary and a bachelor of education from the University of Alberta.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:If you’ve ever wondered why video games skyrocket in adoption,--it’s because they’re created with a complex behavioral science foundation and psychology--behind the scenes. For L&D professionals, these same principles can become practice--through gamification, allowing you to take your initiatives to the next level. But--before blindly jumping on the new, shiny-toy bandwagon, it’s important to understand--what a successful gamification strategy entails and how to ultimately drive behavior--change.--Before getting carried away with the gamification hype, it’s--crucial for L&D professionals to understand that there’s more to it than just--badges and leaderboards. This session will dive into the innovative ways businesses--are using game-based mechanics, aesthetics, and game thinking to impact employees--from day one: onboarding. You’ll explore the steps you can take to incorporate gamification--into onboarding to create engaged and motivated employees, leading to increased--productivity and retention.--In this session, you will--learn:----What the core drivers of motivation are, and how--they relate to gamification--How to thoughtfully implement gamification into onboarding--and L&D programs--What to avoid when implementing gamification strategies--How gamification can increase engagement and impact--productivity----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Shelley Osborne--Head of Learning and Development Udemy

SPEAKER_BIO:Shelley Osborne is head of learning and development at Udemy. She has over 14 years of experience in the education sector and in corporate L&D. Previously, she was vice president of learning and development at Farside HR Solutions, specializing in talent leadership, management training, and soft skills development for startups. At Udemy, Shelley leads and executes the learning strategy for Udemy employees. She has a master’s degree in education from the University of Calgary and a bachelor of education from the University of Alberta.",The Modern L&D Toolkit: Where Does Gamification Fit In? - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:805 Making Your Mobile Video Look Great------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Video & Media----------St. Thomas B------------It’s easy to make video that’s not very good; a lot of bad video--gets made on smartphones. But that doesn’t mean that mobile devices can’t make--great videos too! The truth is that the camera on your phone is way better--quality than those you grew up watching.--Let’s turn your iPhone/iPad or Android into a rapid--video production studio—one that you can use to make eLearning videos on the--cheap back at work next week. We’ll use this session to get you started framing--shots, focusing, getting good sound, trimming clips, and using some simple--storytelling devices. We’ll also discuss how to avoid getting off track or over--budget with your mobile video project, be it for microlearning clips or--long-form eLearning video. Bring your (charged!) device, and be ready to use--it.--In this session,--you will learn: ----How to use your phone or tablet to--make effective eLearning --When mobile video is the wrong--solution--Top 10--tips for mobile video capture--What add-ons to buy, and when--Basic principles of capturing light and--sound----Audience: --Designers, developers,--and--managers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--Mobile devices (smartphones and tablets), iOS/Android, Adobe Premiere--Clip, microphones, lighting.------ -------------------- ----------------Sam Rogers--President Snap Synapse--Sam Rogers, the president of Snap Synapse, creates more effective, efficient, and engaging ways to deliver learning for clients including Google, Capital One, Deloitte, and AAA. He produced YouTube’s first online certification training, and he is a writer, director, producer, composer, and performer for stage and screen. Sam also writes and speaks frequently at conferences, sharing his passion for solving the problems that matter and inspiring learners to action.--------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:It’s easy to make video that’s not very good; a lot of bad video--gets made on smartphones. But that doesn’t mean that mobile devices can’t make--great videos too! The truth is that the camera on your phone is way better--quality than those you grew up watching.--Let’s turn your iPhone/iPad or Android into a rapid--video production studio—one that you can use to make eLearning videos on the--cheap back at work next week. We’ll use this session to get you started framing--shots, focusing, getting good sound, trimming clips, and using some simple--storytelling devices. We’ll also discuss how to avoid getting off track or over--budget with your mobile video project, be it for microlearning clips or--long-form eLearning video. Bring your (charged!) device, and be ready to use--it.--In this session,--you will learn: ----How to use your phone or tablet to--make effective eLearning --When mobile video is the wrong--solution--Top 10--tips for mobile video capture--What add-ons to buy, and when--Basic principles of capturing light and--sound----Audience: --Designers, developers,--and--managers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--Mobile devices (smartphones and tablets), iOS/Android, Adobe Premiere--Clip, microphones, lighting.------ -------------------- ----,

SPEAKER_NAME:Sam Rogers--President Snap Synapse

SPEAKER_BIO:Sam Rogers, the president of Snap Synapse, creates more effective, efficient, and engaging ways to deliver learning for clients including Google, Capital One, Deloitte, and AAA. He produced YouTube’s first online certification training, and he is a writer, director, producer, composer, and performer for stage and screen. Sam also writes and speaks frequently at conferences, sharing his passion for solving the problems that matter and inspiring learners to action.,Making Your Mobile Video Look Great - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:709 Free Tools for the Thrifty Learning Designer------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Tools----------St. Croix A------------Learning designers tend to wear many hats: project manager,--instructional designer, video creator and editor, game designer, eLearning developer,--technology troubleshooter, graphic designer, and marketing guru, just to name--a few. To be successful wearing these many hats, you need the right tools! Unfortunately,--you may not have the budget for your dream tools. So, what do you do? You need the best free tools available!--In this session, you--will take a look at a list curated by fellow learning designers with over 100 free--tools that they use across their projects. You will do a deep dive into the top--25 free resources recommended for stock images and videos, industry knowledge and--inspiration, project management, music and sound effects, marketing design tools,--and more. Learn from others and bring your favorite resources to add to the list!--In this session, you will--learn:----How to search the hottest free tools online right--now for free stock photography, graphics, videos, music, and sound effects--Where you can go for industry knowledge, templates,--and visual inspiration--About the most popular free tools that you can use--for project management--How you can use these tools to help you design beautiful--marketing materials----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Everypixel, Moose, Jing,--Pixlr, The Noun Project, Avataars, Battle Learning Cards, Reddit for--Instructional Designers, Pexels Stock Video, Screen-O-Matic, FreeSound.com,--YouTube Stock Audio, Adobe XD CC, Adobe Color, Pixie Color Identification App,--Fount, Google Fonts, Font Squirrel Font Identification Tool, Fount, Trello,--SCORM Cloud, Smart Mockups, and more.------------Deanna Fischer--Instructional Designer Fischer MicroTech--Deanna Fischer is an instructional designer at Fischer MicroTech. She is a trained facilitator and program developer who specializes in creating custom training resources including instructor-led trainings and workshops, online webinars, and advanced online learning solutions. She has built successful blended learning programs for global teams and clients across various industries. Deanna is an early adopter of technology, she loves sharing tools that help her colleagues work more efficiently and creatively, and she has a passion for mentoring individuals new to learning design.------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Learning designers tend to wear many hats: project manager,--instructional designer, video creator and editor, game designer, eLearning developer,--technology troubleshooter, graphic designer, and marketing guru, just to name--a few. To be successful wearing these many hats, you need the right tools! Unfortunately,--you may not have the budget for your dream tools. So, what do you do? You need the best free tools available!--In this session, you--will take a look at a list curated by fellow learning designers with over 100 free--tools that they use across their projects. You will do a deep dive into the top--25 free resources recommended for stock images and videos, industry knowledge and--inspiration, project management, music and sound effects, marketing design tools,--and more. Learn from others and bring your favorite resources to add to the list!--In this session, you will--learn:----How to search the hottest free tools online right--now for free stock photography, graphics, videos, music, and sound effects--Where you can go for industry knowledge, templates,--and visual inspiration--About the most popular free tools that you can use--for project management--How you can use these tools to help you design beautiful--marketing materials----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Everypixel, Moose, Jing,--Pixlr, The Noun Project, Avataars, Battle Learning Cards, Reddit for--Instructional Designers, Pexels Stock Video, Screen-O-Matic, FreeSound.com,--YouTube Stock Audio, Adobe XD CC, Adobe Color, Pixie Color Identification App,--Fount, Google Fonts, Font Squirrel Font Identification Tool, Fount, Trello,--SCORM Cloud, Smart Mockups, and more.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Deanna Fischer--Instructional Designer Fischer MicroTech

SPEAKER_BIO:Deanna Fischer is an instructional designer at Fischer MicroTech. She is a trained facilitator and program developer who specializes in creating custom training resources including instructor-led trainings and workshops, online webinars, and advanced online learning solutions. She has built successful blended learning programs for global teams and clients across various industries. Deanna is an early adopter of technology, she loves sharing tools that help her colleagues work more efficiently and creatively, and she has a passion for mentoring individuals new to learning design.",Free Tools for the Thrifty Learning Designer - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:313 Doing More with Simple Learning Platforms------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Tools----------Montego C------------Learning happens all--around us and in all different forms. You want to reach your target audience in--as many ways and as simply as possible. You also face budget limitations,--internal IT roadblocks, and enterprises architecture or purchasing challenges.--In this session, you’ll--explore real-world scenarios in which organizations solved problems by using--one or more non-traditional platforms for delivering accessible learning--experiences. You’ll learn the simple ways existing platforms can be used to--help people learn and engage, and opportunities to measure effectiveness in--these platforms.----Simple technologies to deliver content--Ways to combine platforms for effective learning experiences --Methods for rapid prototyping and testing of these platforms--Techniques for capturing data from these platforms----Audience:--Intermediate to advanced designers, developers, managers,--directors, and senior leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in this session: --Mailchimp, SendGrid,--Thinkific, WordPress, learning record stores, Google Analytics, xAPI, Help--Desk, Knowledge Base.------------Brian Dusablon--Founder Learning Ninjas--Brian Dusablon, the founder of Learning Ninjas, is an entrepreneur, coach, and generalist who has worked in the eLearning industry for over 20 years as a trainer, developer, instructional designer, LMS administrator, project manager, and consultant. At Learning Ninjas, Brian leads a collaborative consultancy focused on creating and teaching about accessible and effective learning solutions and technologies. Working with organizations and individuals, he applies existing and emerging technologies to simplify processes, improve performance, and measure outcomes. Brian frequently speaks on a range of topics, including accessibility, user experience, innovative technologies, and entrepreneurship.------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Learning happens all--around us and in all different forms. You want to reach your target audience in--as many ways and as simply as possible. You also face budget limitations,--internal IT roadblocks, and enterprises architecture or purchasing challenges.--In this session, you’ll--explore real-world scenarios in which organizations solved problems by using--one or more non-traditional platforms for delivering accessible learning--experiences. You’ll learn the simple ways existing platforms can be used to--help people learn and engage, and opportunities to measure effectiveness in--these platforms.----Simple technologies to deliver content--Ways to combine platforms for effective learning experiences --Methods for rapid prototyping and testing of these platforms--Techniques for capturing data from these platforms----Audience:--Intermediate to advanced designers, developers, managers,--directors, and senior leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in this session: --Mailchimp, SendGrid,--Thinkific, WordPress, learning record stores, Google Analytics, xAPI, Help--Desk, Knowledge Base.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Brian Dusablon--Founder Learning Ninjas

SPEAKER_BIO:Brian Dusablon, the founder of Learning Ninjas, is an entrepreneur, coach, and generalist who has worked in the eLearning industry for over 20 years as a trainer, developer, instructional designer, LMS administrator, project manager, and consultant. At Learning Ninjas, Brian leads a collaborative consultancy focused on creating and teaching about accessible and effective learning solutions and technologies. Working with organizations and individuals, he applies existing and emerging technologies to simplify processes, improve performance, and measure outcomes. Brian frequently speaks on a range of topics, including accessibility, user experience, innovative technologies, and entrepreneurship.",Doing More with Simple Learning Platforms - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:711 Creating and Deploying Useful Chatbots for Learner Engagement------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Emerging Tech----------St. Thomas A------------Keeping students engaged in their learning is always a challenge.--Can messaging enhance the learning experience? Could chatbots open up a whole new--communication backchannel? Automatically? And safely? This exciting session--will address these questions and more, including a hands-on demonstration.--In this session, you will learn how to easy it is to create and--deploy a useful chatbot that automates many communication tasks. You’ll then discuss--many use cases for maintaining a dialogue with your learners using Facebook’s Messenger--platform and the Chatfuel authoring service. Discover the power of automated assistants!--Bring your own device and sign on to Messenger for the optimal experience.--In this session, you will--learn:----About the landscape of automated assistants (chatbots)--About use cases for delivering lesson content, notifications--(homework, deadlines, task ticklers, etc.), and more--How the Facebook Messenger platform and its growing--community ecosystem work--How to quickly create a useful chatbot--What it’s like to use a chatbot, through a demonstration----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, senior leaders (directors, VP,--CLO, executive, etc.), content experts, and teachers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Facebook Messenger, Chatfuel, and Google Drive. ------------Andrew Brewer--Instructional Technologist Northwest Area Health Education Center--Andrew Brewer, an instructional technologist with the Northwest Area Health Education Center, has 20 years’ experience in educational new media. Andrew holds a master’s degree in instructional technology. In 1996, knowledge industry publications ranked him among the Top 100 multimedia producers.------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Keeping students engaged in their learning is always a challenge.--Can messaging enhance the learning experience? Could chatbots open up a whole new--communication backchannel? Automatically? And safely? This exciting session--will address these questions and more, including a hands-on demonstration.--In this session, you will learn how to easy it is to create and--deploy a useful chatbot that automates many communication tasks. You’ll then discuss--many use cases for maintaining a dialogue with your learners using Facebook’s Messenger--platform and the Chatfuel authoring service. Discover the power of automated assistants!--Bring your own device and sign on to Messenger for the optimal experience.--In this session, you will--learn:----About the landscape of automated assistants (chatbots)--About use cases for delivering lesson content, notifications--(homework, deadlines, task ticklers, etc.), and more--How the Facebook Messenger platform and its growing--community ecosystem work--How to quickly create a useful chatbot--What it’s like to use a chatbot, through a demonstration----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, senior leaders (directors, VP,--CLO, executive, etc.), content experts, and teachers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Facebook Messenger, Chatfuel, and Google Drive. ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Andrew Brewer--Instructional Technologist Northwest Area Health Education Center

SPEAKER_BIO:Andrew Brewer, an instructional technologist with the Northwest Area Health Education Center, has 20 years’ experience in educational new media. Andrew holds a master’s degree in instructional technology. In 1996, knowledge industry publications ranked him among the Top 100 multimedia producers.",Creating and Deploying Useful Chatbots for Learner Engagement - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:311 We’re Going Mobile! (OK, But How?)------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Mobile----------St. Thomas B------------When you move toward designing and delivering mobile learning--experiences, many common questions come up. How do you shrink a complex, computer-based,--live learning experience down to mobile size for learners on the go? How can you--teach nuanced, sophisticated soft skills to a senior-level audience using a mobile--platform? What’s different and challenging about designing mobile courseware?--Designing effective and engaging courses for mobile delivery--presents a new set of challenges. In this session, you’ll walk through a process--for mobile instructional design that addresses practical solutions to constraints--such as small screen size, limited typing, and short learning windows. You’ll also--take a closer look at a case study to learn about a design and prototyping process--that resulted in a mobile learning solution praised by senior-level practitioners--for its ease of use and depth of content.--In this session, you will--learn:----About challenges encountered in mobile course design--Creative solutions to optimize learning and engagement--without sacrificing usability in mobile delivery--Strategies, techniques, and tips to deliver soft-skills--training in a mobile format--A successful design and prototyping approach to mobile--course development----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Course design and delivery for iPhone users.------------------Tammy Berman--Senior Vice President Design Socratic Arts--Tammy Berman is a senior vice president of design at Socratic Arts, where she oversees and leads projects related to performance improvement for corporations, government, and nonprofit organizations, including learning needs analyses, learning program design, and creating solutions that enable practitioners to get the help they need when they need it most. She has special expertise in the design of learning-by-doing and story-centered learning programs, for both blended and in-person workshop settings. Tammy is co-author of several articles and book chapters on designing learning-by-doing educational programs. She holds a PhD in learning sciences from Northwestern University.------------------Holly Christensen--Chief Operating Officer and Senior Designer Socratic Arts--Holly Christensen is the chief operating officer and a senior designer at Socratic Arts. She has worked with large global companies, premier consulting firms, the International Organization for Standardization, universities, and other organizations and schools to design and implement story-centered curricula and learn-by-doing programs. Holly has an MBA and over 15 years’ experience in the field of education. Prior to joining Socratic Arts, she held several leadership positions with Apollo Group.------------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:When you move toward designing and delivering mobile learning--experiences, many common questions come up. How do you shrink a complex, computer-based,--live learning experience down to mobile size for learners on the go? How can you--teach nuanced, sophisticated soft skills to a senior-level audience using a mobile--platform? What’s different and challenging about designing mobile courseware?--Designing effective and engaging courses for mobile delivery--presents a new set of challenges. In this session, you’ll walk through a process--for mobile instructional design that addresses practical solutions to constraints--such as small screen size, limited typing, and short learning windows. You’ll also--take a closer look at a case study to learn about a design and prototyping process--that resulted in a mobile learning solution praised by senior-level practitioners--for its ease of use and depth of content.--In this session, you will--learn:----About challenges encountered in mobile course design--Creative solutions to optimize learning and engagement--without sacrificing usability in mobile delivery--Strategies, techniques, and tips to deliver soft-skills--training in a mobile format--A successful design and prototyping approach to mobile--course development----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Course design and delivery for iPhone users.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Holly Christensen--Chief Operating Officer and Senior Designer Socratic Arts

SPEAKER_BIO:Holly Christensen is the chief operating officer and a senior designer at Socratic Arts. She has worked with large global companies, premier consulting firms, the International Organization for Standardization, universities, and other organizations and schools to design and implement story-centered curricula and learn-by-doing programs. Holly has an MBA and over 15 years’ experience in the field of education. Prior to joining Socratic Arts, she held several leadership positions with Apollo Group."
We’re Going Mobile! (OK, But How?) - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:714 Creating a Learning Innovation Lab: Tips for Fostering Different Thinking------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Emerging Tech----------Antigua A------------Many L&D teams and organizations suffer from a lack of innovation--and different thinking. They can easily become stagnant, always looking at their--world at the LMS level with no thoughts about the art of the possible. But innovative--thinking can drive up engagement and significantly enhance the learning experience.--So how can you increase it at your organization?--In this session, you will find out how a learning innovation--lab can help you do just that, and you’ll learn from a year’s worth of experience--gained at McKinsey as it built up its first lab of this kind. You’ll uncover what--comprises a learning innovation lab and what benefits this incredible opportunity--can offer in an L&D organization. You’ll then discuss how to foster healthy--disruption in a climate of stagnation and norms, what pitfalls to avoid in forming--a lab, and what areas of innovation are best suited for a lab’s R&D efforts.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to start an innovation lab in your organization--What pitfalls to avoid--Where to focus your R&D efforts--The right composition of a lab’s structure--How to “fail fast”--What it means to challenge conventional thinking--The optimal way to experiment with new technologies--What innovation is and isn’t----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Augmented reality, virtual reality, sandbox servers, APIs, personalization,--machine learning, AI, content curation, content relevancy, and mobile app development.-- ------------------Duncan Larkin--Digital Learning Innovation Manager McKinsey & Company--Duncan Larkin is the head of the digital learning innovation team at McKinsey & Company. He is a passionate advocate for simple, elegant, and transformative solutions that push the boundaries of innovation and put the learner first. Duncan is a graduate of the US Military Academy at West Point and the author of two books.------------------Nick Pappas--Digital Learning Innovation R&D Lead McKinsey and Company--Nick Pappas is the digital learning innovation R&D lead for McKinsey and Company. Nick is responsible for running the research and experimentation of digital learning technology to surface and develop relevant use-cases that significantly enhance the learning experience. Prior to joining McKinsey, Nick served as the director of technology for SpotMe, a mobile event app startup.------------------------James Pritchard--Digital Learning Innovation Manager McKinsey & Company--James Pritchard, the digital learning innovation manager at McKinsey & Company, has led the custom development of McKinsey’s personalized learning journey portal and served as a product owner and content developer. James holds an MFA in fiction writing from New York University and a BS in management science and engineering from Stanford University.--------------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Many L&D teams and organizations suffer from a lack of innovation--and different thinking. They can easily become stagnant, always looking at their--world at the LMS level with no thoughts about the art of the possible. But innovative--thinking can drive up engagement and significantly enhance the learning experience.--So how can you increase it at your organization?--In this session, you will find out how a learning innovation--lab can help you do just that, and you’ll learn from a year’s worth of experience--gained at McKinsey as it built up its first lab of this kind. You’ll uncover what--comprises a learning innovation lab and what benefits this incredible opportunity--can offer in an L&D organization. You’ll then discuss how to foster healthy--disruption in a climate of stagnation and norms, what pitfalls to avoid in forming--a lab, and what areas of innovation are best suited for a lab’s R&D efforts.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to start an innovation lab in your organization--What pitfalls to avoid--Where to focus your R&D efforts--The right composition of a lab’s structure--How to “fail fast”--What it means to challenge conventional thinking--The optimal way to experiment with new technologies--What innovation is and isn’t----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Augmented reality, virtual reality, sandbox servers, APIs, personalization,--machine learning, AI, content curation, content relevancy, and mobile app development.-- ,

SPEAKER_NAME:James Pritchard--Digital Learning Innovation Manager McKinsey & Company

SPEAKER_BIO:James Pritchard, the digital learning innovation manager at McKinsey & Company, has led the custom development of McKinsey’s personalized learning journey portal and served as a product owner and content developer. James holds an MFA in fiction writing from New York University and a BS in management science and engineering from Stanford University.,Creating a Learning Innovation Lab: Tips for Fostering Different Thinking - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:715 BYOD: Designing for 508 Compliance in Storyline 360------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Tools----------Martinique AB------------As learning organizations are tasked with including Section 508--and WCAG 2.0 accessibility requirements in their eLearning content, many designers--and design teams are left asking the same question: How do I take a set of bullet--points from a government website and put them into practice? What is tab order?--What does good alt text look like, and when should I be using it? Inquiring minds--want to know!--This BYOD session will answer these types of questions while--retrofitting an existing Storyline 360 course with WCAG 2.0 level AA guidelines.--You’ll learn how a team took a set of design standards used primarily by web designers--and incorporated them into a compliant standard for instructional designers and--internal learning content. You’ll also walk away with practical approaches for making--your own Storyline projects more accessible.--In this session, you will--learn:----Why customizing the tab order of slides is important,--and how to do it--How to add good alternate and directional text to--your courses--How to build best practices and stick to them--Tips, tricks, and what to avoid----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate Storyline 3 or 360, JAWS, and NVDA.--Technology required:--Laptop running Articulate Storyline 2, 3, or 360.------------Jaclyn Waskewicz--Sr. Training Manager Charles Schwab--Jaclyn Waskewicz is a senior training manager at Charles Schwab & Co. with over 15 years of experience in the training and eLearning industry. She is well-versed in accessibility (Section 508 and WCAG), developing learning design, and functional testing standards for the learning organization. She designs and develops both instructor-led and web-based training programs and materials, and podcast and vodcast (video) learning elements.------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:As learning organizations are tasked with including Section 508--and WCAG 2.0 accessibility requirements in their eLearning content, many designers--and design teams are left asking the same question: How do I take a set of bullet--points from a government website and put them into practice? What is tab order?--What does good alt text look like, and when should I be using it? Inquiring minds--want to know!--This BYOD session will answer these types of questions while--retrofitting an existing Storyline 360 course with WCAG 2.0 level AA guidelines.--You’ll learn how a team took a set of design standards used primarily by web designers--and incorporated them into a compliant standard for instructional designers and--internal learning content. You’ll also walk away with practical approaches for making--your own Storyline projects more accessible.--In this session, you will--learn:----Why customizing the tab order of slides is important,--and how to do it--How to add good alternate and directional text to--your courses--How to build best practices and stick to them--Tips, tricks, and what to avoid----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate Storyline 3 or 360, JAWS, and NVDA.--Technology required:--Laptop running Articulate Storyline 2, 3, or 360.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jaclyn Waskewicz--Sr. Training Manager Charles Schwab

SPEAKER_BIO:Jaclyn Waskewicz is a senior training manager at Charles Schwab & Co. with over 15 years of experience in the training and eLearning industry. She is well-versed in accessibility (Section 508 and WCAG), developing learning design, and functional testing standards for the learning organization. She designs and develops both instructor-led and web-based training programs and materials, and podcast and vodcast (video) learning elements.",BYOD: Designing for 508 Compliance in Storyline 360 - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:716 BYOD: The Least You Need to Know About JavaScript------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Development----------Trinidad AB------------More and more eLearning developers are using JavaScript to--create advanced learner interactions not available through traditional--authoring software. JavaScript provides a level of flexibility, power, and--interactivity that has empowered eLearning developers to create more dynamic--and more maintainable learning. JavaScript is the engine—the secret sauce—behind--all of digital learning. Learning to hand code can be empowering and even--career-changing. --In this dynamic, hands-on session, you will learn about the--fundamentals of JavaScript that can add power and interest to your content.--You’ll see how you can use JavaScript to unlock the powerful world of xAPI.--Other JavaScript-related technologies mentioned in this fast-paced session will--lead you to coding efficiencies that have the potential to save you hours of--work.--In this session, you--will learn:----The fundamentals of the JavaScript language --How JavaScript applies to eLearning authoring--Why JavaScript is so important for the future of--digital learning--About resources available for mastering the--language so you can put it into practice----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed--in this session:--JavaScript.--Participant--technology requirements:--Mac or PC with a text editor (Brackets is recommended—free--at brackets.io) and a web browser (Chrome is recommended).-- ------------Mark Lassoff--Founder and President Punk Learning--Mark Lassoff, the founder of LearnToProgram.tv, has been involved in online --learning for nearly 15 years, mostly as an entrepreneur. He started the --company in 2011 with the idea of bringing online education to those who --wanted to learn web and mobile development at an affordable price point. --Since its founding, over 1 million people have enrolled in the company’s online --courses. Mark speaks frequently on coding and online education. He has --spoken at multiple conferences and been featured at SXSW, DevCon Europe, --the Pan African Mobile Conference, and Code PaLOUsa. He is a 2017 recipient --of The eLearning Guild’s prestigious Guild Master Award.------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:More and more eLearning developers are using JavaScript to--create advanced learner interactions not available through traditional--authoring software. JavaScript provides a level of flexibility, power, and--interactivity that has empowered eLearning developers to create more dynamic--and more maintainable learning. JavaScript is the engine—the secret sauce—behind--all of digital learning. Learning to hand code can be empowering and even--career-changing. --In this dynamic, hands-on session, you will learn about the--fundamentals of JavaScript that can add power and interest to your content.--You’ll see how you can use JavaScript to unlock the powerful world of xAPI.--Other JavaScript-related technologies mentioned in this fast-paced session will--lead you to coding efficiencies that have the potential to save you hours of--work.--In this session, you--will learn:----The fundamentals of the JavaScript language --How JavaScript applies to eLearning authoring--Why JavaScript is so important for the future of--digital learning--About resources available for mastering the--language so you can put it into practice----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed--in this session:--JavaScript.--Participant--technology requirements:--Mac or PC with a text editor (Brackets is recommended—free--at brackets.io) and a web browser (Chrome is recommended).-- ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Mark Lassoff--Founder and President Punk Learning

SPEAKER_BIO:Mark Lassoff, the founder of LearnToProgram.tv, has been involved in online --learning for nearly 15 years, mostly as an entrepreneur. He started the --company in 2011 with the idea of bringing online education to those who --wanted to learn web and mobile development at an affordable price point. --Since its founding, over 1 million people have enrolled in the company’s online --courses. Mark speaks frequently on coding and online education. He has --spoken at multiple conferences and been featured at SXSW, DevCon Europe, --the Pan African Mobile Conference, and Code PaLOUsa. He is a 2017 recipient --of The eLearning Guild’s prestigious Guild Master Award.",BYOD: The Least You Need to Know About JavaScript - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:801 The End of Microlearning------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Instructional Design----------Jamaica AB------------Microlearning! It’s the most popular word in corporate learning--today. It is also the most controversial. While some claim microlearning to be a--transformational concept, others see it as nothing but smoke and mirrors. To really--find the value, you have to get past the noise and focus on the fundamentals that--created the microlearning hype. To really see the benefit of microlearning, you--have to end it.--This session will destroy microlearning. All that will be left--are the fundamental principles you can apply to enable employees and enhance your--impact on the organization. You’ll learn why microlearning is actually an “informed--reimagination” of familiar L&D tactics. You’ll find out how to design a workplace--learning experience that fits within the daily workflow. You’ll hear stories from--organizations that have applied these principles to solve common business problems--with measurable results. You’ll leave ready to apply right-fit learning tactics--on the job—without using the word “microlearning.”--In this session, you will--learn:----How to articulate the value of microlearning within--the modern workplace--How to build learning solutions that address specific--business problems--How to design a continuous learning experience that--fits within the workflow--How to introduce microlearning tactics into your--existing L&D strategy----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Microlearning platforms, learning management systems, mobile--devices, and point of sale systems.------------JD Dillon--Chief Learning Architect Axonify--JD Dillon is the chief learning architect at Axonify. With his practical approach, JD integrates science, technology, storytelling, and common sense to enable employees, improve performance, and drive business results. For 20 years, he has executed learning and performance strategies for global organizations, including the Walt Disney Company, Kaplan, Brambles, and AMC Theatres. At Axonify he partners with an award-winning team to solve business problems for leading organizations through modern learning practices and cutting-edge technology.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Microlearning! It’s the most popular word in corporate learning--today. It is also the most controversial. While some claim microlearning to be a--transformational concept, others see it as nothing but smoke and mirrors. To really--find the value, you have to get past the noise and focus on the fundamentals that--created the microlearning hype. To really see the benefit of microlearning, you--have to end it.--This session will destroy microlearning. All that will be left--are the fundamental principles you can apply to enable employees and enhance your--impact on the organization. You’ll learn why microlearning is actually an “informed--reimagination” of familiar L&D tactics. You’ll find out how to design a workplace--learning experience that fits within the daily workflow. You’ll hear stories from--organizations that have applied these principles to solve common business problems--with measurable results. You’ll leave ready to apply right-fit learning tactics--on the job—without using the word “microlearning.”--In this session, you will--learn:----How to articulate the value of microlearning within--the modern workplace--How to build learning solutions that address specific--business problems--How to design a continuous learning experience that--fits within the workflow--How to introduce microlearning tactics into your--existing L&D strategy----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Microlearning platforms, learning management systems, mobile--devices, and point of sale systems.,

SPEAKER_NAME:JD Dillon--Chief Learning Architect Axonify

SPEAKER_BIO:JD Dillon is the chief learning architect at Axonify. With his practical approach, JD integrates science, technology, storytelling, and common sense to enable employees, improve performance, and drive business results. For 20 years, he has executed learning and performance strategies for global organizations, including the Walt Disney Company, Kaplan, Brambles, and AMC Theatres. At Axonify he partners with an award-winning team to solve business problems for leading organizations through modern learning practices and cutting-edge technology.",The End of Microlearning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:802 A Crash Course on Designing for Any Virtual Classroom------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Instructional Design----------Andros AB------------If they’re going to work in a virtual classroom, your traditional--learning methodologies need a makeover. A virtual session is more than lecture and--uploaded PowerPoints. Unique techniques must be used to engage learners throughout--the session. A common pitfall is to focus on the technology and forget about the--design—often resulting in unengaging sessions focused on using the tools and not--meeting the needs of the learners.--This session will explore the six key principles of successfully--designing for any virtual classroom platform. These principles provide a blueprint--for adapting traditional classroom methodologies for live, online instruction. They--are made up of key best practices gained from over 20 years’ experience designing,--developing, facilitating, and producing online events. Whether you want to simply--improve facilitated online meetings, enhance a few classes by adding online follow-up--webinars, or completely transform a full curriculum, these principles will provide--the guidance you need to create successful live, online learning experiences.--In this session, you will--learn:----The six guiding principles of virtual classroom design--About the benefits and limitations of common virtual--classroom tools--How technology, timing, and talent (the “three Ts”)--effect design outcomes--How to design interactions for your chosen virtual--classroom platform--A strategy for implementing design and delivery best--practices within your organization----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Adobe Connect, WebEx Meeting and Training Center, GoTo, Zoom,--and MS Skype for Business.------------Melissa Chambers--Online Instructional Specialist MSC Consulting--Melissa Chambers is an online instructional specialist at MSC Consulting and a contract speaker coach/host for The eLearning Guild’s Online Forums and Guild Academy. Melissa has over 19 years’ experience in creative media production, project and change management, online instructional design, and eLearning strategy development, and has been designing, producing, and coaching for synchronous online programs since 2002. She holds a master’s degree in instructional design for online learning, and has spearheaded award-winning programs in eLearning, process improvement, and strategic development. Melissa has a passion for lifelong learning, technology, cultivating creativity, and having fun while working.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:If they’re going to work in a virtual classroom, your traditional--learning methodologies need a makeover. A virtual session is more than lecture and--uploaded PowerPoints. Unique techniques must be used to engage learners throughout--the session. A common pitfall is to focus on the technology and forget about the--design—often resulting in unengaging sessions focused on using the tools and not--meeting the needs of the learners.--This session will explore the six key principles of successfully--designing for any virtual classroom platform. These principles provide a blueprint--for adapting traditional classroom methodologies for live, online instruction. They--are made up of key best practices gained from over 20 years’ experience designing,--developing, facilitating, and producing online events. Whether you want to simply--improve facilitated online meetings, enhance a few classes by adding online follow-up--webinars, or completely transform a full curriculum, these principles will provide--the guidance you need to create successful live, online learning experiences.--In this session, you will--learn:----The six guiding principles of virtual classroom design--About the benefits and limitations of common virtual--classroom tools--How technology, timing, and talent (the “three Ts”)--effect design outcomes--How to design interactions for your chosen virtual--classroom platform--A strategy for implementing design and delivery best--practices within your organization----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Adobe Connect, WebEx Meeting and Training Center, GoTo, Zoom,--and MS Skype for Business.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Melissa Chambers--Online Instructional Specialist MSC Consulting

SPEAKER_BIO:Melissa Chambers is an online instructional specialist at MSC Consulting and a contract speaker coach/host for The eLearning Guild’s Online Forums and Guild Academy. Melissa has over 19 years’ experience in creative media production, project and change management, online instructional design, and eLearning strategy development, and has been designing, producing, and coaching for synchronous online programs since 2002. She holds a master’s degree in instructional design for online learning, and has spearheaded award-winning programs in eLearning, process improvement, and strategic development. Melissa has a passion for lifelong learning, technology, cultivating creativity, and having fun while working.",A Crash Course on Designing for Any Virtual Classroom - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:803 Level Up: Moving from Instructional Design to Learning Experience Design------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Instructional Design----------Montego A------------Rapid UX models like agile, lean, and design sprint are the centerpiece--of software, web application, and product design. Yet today’s L&D teams still--use unresponsive and archaic instructional design models that follow an outdated--waterfall paradigm. The rapid pace and demands of today’s business environment require--that IDs utilize emerging UX design techniques to produce immediate results and--learner performance.--This session will explore why traditional ISD models fail to--meet the demands of 21st-century organizations, and how to use proven--UX design methods to move your team from ISD to learning experience design. Find--out what user story mapping and proto-personas have to do with eLearning development,--and why card sorting is a fantastic way to get buy-in from stakeholders and identify--course content. You’ll use a hands-on approach to explore how one team used--learning experience design to achieve results, and how you can use these same techniques--and strategies to rapidly produce eLearning and other performance solutions.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to integrate proven UX design techniques into--the design and development of eLearning and other performance solutions--How to use card sorting for problem analysis and--course design--How to use user story mapping for contextual design--and to identify your target audience--How to develop a strategy to transition your organization--and design team from instructional design to learning experience design----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).------------------Curtis Pembrook--Chief Learning Strategist/Professor Graphic Design & Multimedia Performance Instruction/Mission College--Curtis Pembrook is a graphic design and multimedia instructor at Mission College and a chief learning strategist at Performance Instruction. Curtis is an active member of the ISPI Bay Area chapter. He has also designed and developed eLearning for California Virtual Campus (CVC4), Mission College Workplace Learning, Cabrillo College Nursing, California Economic and Workforce Development, Valin, Hospira, ATAC, and the Federal Aviation Administration. Curtis loves reading about and applying evidence-based research to the design and development of engaging learning experiences. He holds an MEd and is currently pursuing a doctorate in education with emphasis on media studies at Fielding Graduate University.------------------Sue Czeropski--Chief Learning Strategist Performance Instruction--Sue Czeropski, a chief learning strategist at Performance Instruction, has over 30 years of experience in the training, development, and HPT arena. She is a PhD, a CPT, the 2016 president of the ISPI Bay Area Boise State University chapter, and former president of the Capella University chapter. Sue has presented at the ISPI annual conference and the CCCAOE (California Community College Association for Occupational Education) Conference and has published articles in the HPT field—in ISPI PIJ, Quality Progress, Training & Develop, and Training. Sue possesses expertise in the entire learning cycle, from conducting needs assessment to measuring ROI.------------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Rapid UX models like agile, lean, and design sprint are the centerpiece--of software, web application, and product design. Yet today’s L&D teams still--use unresponsive and archaic instructional design models that follow an outdated--waterfall paradigm. The rapid pace and demands of today’s business environment require--that IDs utilize emerging UX design techniques to produce immediate results and--learner performance.--This session will explore why traditional ISD models fail to--meet the demands of 21st-century organizations, and how to use proven--UX design methods to move your team from ISD to learning experience design. Find--out what user story mapping and proto-personas have to do with eLearning development,--and why card sorting is a fantastic way to get buy-in from stakeholders and identify--course content. You’ll use a hands-on approach to explore how one team used--learning experience design to achieve results, and how you can use these same techniques--and strategies to rapidly produce eLearning and other performance solutions.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to integrate proven UX design techniques into--the design and development of eLearning and other performance solutions--How to use card sorting for problem analysis and--course design--How to use user story mapping for contextual design--and to identify your target audience--How to develop a strategy to transition your organization--and design team from instructional design to learning experience design----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Sue Czeropski--Chief Learning Strategist Performance Instruction

SPEAKER_BIO:Sue Czeropski, a chief learning strategist at Performance Instruction, has over 30 years of experience in the training, development, and HPT arena. She is a PhD, a CPT, the 2016 president of the ISPI Bay Area Boise State University chapter, and former president of the Capella University chapter. Sue has presented at the ISPI annual conference and the CCCAOE (California Community College Association for Occupational Education) Conference and has published articles in the HPT field—in ISPI PIJ, Quality Progress, Training & Develop, and Training. Sue possesses expertise in the entire learning cycle, from conducting needs assessment to measuring ROI.",Level Up: Moving from Instructional Design to Learning Experience Design - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:804 Selecting Innovative eLearning Technologies: A Practical Guide------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Management and Strategy----------St. Thomas A------------With an ever-expanding number of teaching and learning technologies--available, it can be challenging to pick the ones that fit the needs of your learners--and organization. All of these technologies claim to solve your problems, so how--do you know you are making the right choice? Without a sound strategy, it may be--difficult to select appropriate, innovative, and institutionally sustainable technologies.--In this session, you will learn about the strategies that can--assist your decision-making process when selecting innovative, yet sustainable,--technologies. You will also learn how to assess, vet, and critically evaluate technologies--and how they integrate into a comprehensive strategy. You’ll develop skills to address--issues you may encounter with current technologies. In addition, you will explore--the biases, tendencies, and emotional aspects of choosing technologies. You will--leave this session with practical strategies and resources to help you evaluate--and select technology for your eLearning endeavors.--In this session, you will--learn:----Why technology should be thoroughly assessed before--implementing--What factors you should consider when selecting learning--technologies--How biases, tendencies, and emotions affect the decision-making--process--How to leverage your resources to ensure a sound--technology strategy--How and when to re-evaluate and pivot your technology--strategy----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, senior leaders (directors, VP,--CLO, executive, etc.), and strategists.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Common eLearning technologies such as learning management systems,--LTI tools, etc.------------Nikki McIntosh--Owner and Lead Instructional Designer Home Learning + Development--Nikki McIntosh is the owner and lead instructional designer at Hone Learning + Development. She has experience in both academic and professional settings. While working at University of Wisconsin–Madison, she was the liaison to the Wisconsin Department of Children and Families and the Wisconsin Department of Justice. She has worked in the field of educational media and technology for over five years. Nikki has an associate degree in visual communications and a bachelor’s degree in adult education from Bellevue University.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:With an ever-expanding number of teaching and learning technologies--available, it can be challenging to pick the ones that fit the needs of your learners--and organization. All of these technologies claim to solve your problems, so how--do you know you are making the right choice? Without a sound strategy, it may be--difficult to select appropriate, innovative, and institutionally sustainable technologies.--In this session, you will learn about the strategies that can--assist your decision-making process when selecting innovative, yet sustainable,--technologies. You will also learn how to assess, vet, and critically evaluate technologies--and how they integrate into a comprehensive strategy. You’ll develop skills to address--issues you may encounter with current technologies. In addition, you will explore--the biases, tendencies, and emotional aspects of choosing technologies. You will--leave this session with practical strategies and resources to help you evaluate--and select technology for your eLearning endeavors.--In this session, you will--learn:----Why technology should be thoroughly assessed before--implementing--What factors you should consider when selecting learning--technologies--How biases, tendencies, and emotions affect the decision-making--process--How to leverage your resources to ensure a sound--technology strategy--How and when to re-evaluate and pivot your technology--strategy----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, senior leaders (directors, VP,--CLO, executive, etc.), and strategists.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Common eLearning technologies such as learning management systems,--LTI tools, etc.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Nikki McIntosh--Owner and Lead Instructional Designer Home Learning + Development

SPEAKER_BIO:Nikki McIntosh is the owner and lead instructional designer at Hone Learning + Development. She has experience in both academic and professional settings. While working at University of Wisconsin–Madison, she was the liaison to the Wisconsin Department of Children and Families and the Wisconsin Department of Justice. She has worked in the field of educational media and technology for over five years. Nikki has an associate degree in visual communications and a bachelor’s degree in adult education from Bellevue University.",Selecting Innovative eLearning Technologies: A Practical Guide - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:604 Case Study: Starting an Online Community—from Ideation to Launch------------3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Management and Strategy----------Barbados AB------------Morningstar is built around serving individuals—both by helping them--reach great financial outcomes and by providing outstanding customer service. Morningstar partnered with an online community platform to modernize the support--experience, provide greater transparency around product development, and enable its customers to connect with each other. This session shares that journey with you, so--you can know what’s ahead if you choose this option for surfacing and--supplementing more traditional eLearning.--In this case study session, learn how Morningstar revolutionized--their customer experience by building a brand-new community where their users can--interact and receive the help they need. You’ll hear how a cross-functional team--at Morningstar collaborated to define the problems they wanted--to solve and the types of user experiences they wanted to foster. You’ll learn how--customer communities are much more than just chatrooms, allowing companies to serve--up help content, walk users through guided learning experiences, and even gather--feedback and product ideas.--In this session, you will--learn:----Why a leader in the financial technology space made--a significant investment in community--What questions a company should ask itself when designing--a customer community--How communities play a major role in improving customer--experience--How eLearning can be integrated into a customer community----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Morningstar Community site.------------------Ryan McClelland--Customer Engagement Manager Morningstar--Ryan McClelland is a customer engagement manager at Morningstar. --He began his career at Morningstar in 2007 as a technical writer, and --he went from writing online help content to teaching users how to use --Morningstar software via webinars and live workshops. Ryan went on --to lead internal training for Morningstar employees. He has most --recently taken on the role of community manager for Morningstar’s --customer community. ------------------Brian O’Neill--Director of Customer Engagement Morningstar--Brian O’Neill is a director of customer engagement at Morningstar. He joined Morningstar as a training manager in 2007 and spent time in the sales organization before directing the client solutions consulting team, which works directly with Morningstar clients to get them up to speed on the software. Brian has spearheaded the launch of the Morningstar Community.------------<    
TIME:3:00 PM - 4:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Morningstar is built around serving individuals—both by helping them--reach great financial outcomes and by providing outstanding customer service. Morningstar partnered with an online community platform to modernize the support--experience, provide greater transparency around product development, and enable its customers to connect with each other. This session shares that journey with you, so--you can know what’s ahead if you choose this option for surfacing and--supplementing more traditional eLearning.--In this case study session, learn how Morningstar revolutionized--their customer experience by building a brand-new community where their users can--interact and receive the help they need. You’ll hear how a cross-functional team--at Morningstar collaborated to define the problems they wanted--to solve and the types of user experiences they wanted to foster. You’ll learn how--customer communities are much more than just chatrooms, allowing companies to serve--up help content, walk users through guided learning experiences, and even gather--feedback and product ideas.--In this session, you will--learn:----Why a leader in the financial technology space made--a significant investment in community--What questions a company should ask itself when designing--a customer community--How communities play a major role in improving customer--experience--How eLearning can be integrated into a customer community----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Morningstar Community site.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Brian O’Neill--Director of Customer Engagement Morningstar

SPEAKER_BIO:Brian O’Neill is a director of customer engagement at Morningstar. He joined Morningstar as a training manager in 2007 and spent time in the sales organization before directing the client solutions consulting team, which works directly with Morningstar clients to get them up to speed on the software. Brian has spearheaded the launch of the Morningstar Community.",Case Study: Starting an Online Community—from Ideation to Launch - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:806 Using an LRS to Unify Your Data------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Data and Measurement----------Antigua A------------User data can be difficult to manage and track when--using different platforms and delivery methods for your content. Data reporting--across numerous sources can be disjointed, hard to centralize, and overwhelming--to analyze in a meaningful way. Different LMSs don’t always provide user data--in the same manner or use the same metrics; the same user taking the same--course on different LMSs could create completely different user reporting.--In this session, you’ll discover how to use an--LRS as a central repository for all user data and how that will benefit your--builds. You’ll learn how to send data to an LRS using code. You’ll also find--out how to centralize all data reporting and how that consistency in reporting--structures increases efficiency and saves money when trying to extrapolate user--data. Using two case studies, you’ll be able to see how even wildly different--delivery methods can lead to consistent user data in the LRS. --In--this session, you will learn:----What a learning--record store (LRS) is--How to send data to--an LRS--How an LRS saves time--and money--How a flexible--reporting system makes data retrieval and dissemination easier.----Audience:----Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--Learning Locker,--XAPI, JavaScript.    ------ -------------------- ----------------Tony Jimenez--Instructional Designer Trifoia--Tony Jimenez is an instructional designer with Trifoia. Tony has been involved in eLearning for over six years, and has considerable experience in authoring software and various learning management systems. He has been integral in the building of online learning environments for Trifoia, including building courses for more than fifteen different grant-funded projects. Previously he was a security forces member in the US Air Force, where he completed two overseas deployments. Tony holds has two associate degrees from Lane Community College and an instructional design certificate from Oregon State University.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:User data can be difficult to manage and track when--using different platforms and delivery methods for your content. Data reporting--across numerous sources can be disjointed, hard to centralize, and overwhelming--to analyze in a meaningful way. Different LMSs don’t always provide user data--in the same manner or use the same metrics; the same user taking the same--course on different LMSs could create completely different user reporting.--In this session, you’ll discover how to use an--LRS as a central repository for all user data and how that will benefit your--builds. You’ll learn how to send data to an LRS using code. You’ll also find--out how to centralize all data reporting and how that consistency in reporting--structures increases efficiency and saves money when trying to extrapolate user--data. Using two case studies, you’ll be able to see how even wildly different--delivery methods can lead to consistent user data in the LRS. --In--this session, you will learn:----What a learning--record store (LRS) is--How to send data to--an LRS--How an LRS saves time--and money--How a flexible--reporting system makes data retrieval and dissemination easier.----Audience:----Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--Learning Locker,--XAPI, JavaScript.    ------ -------------------- ----,

SPEAKER_NAME:Tony Jimenez--Instructional Designer Trifoia

SPEAKER_BIO:Tony Jimenez is an instructional designer with Trifoia. Tony has been involved in eLearning for over six years, and has considerable experience in authoring software and various learning management systems. He has been integral in the building of online learning environments for Trifoia, including building courses for more than fifteen different grant-funded projects. Previously he was a security forces member in the US Air Force, where he completed two overseas deployments. Tony holds has two associate degrees from Lane Community College and an instructional design certificate from Oregon State University.",Using an LRS to Unify Your Data - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:808 Creating Learning Podcasts on a Shoestring------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Video & Media----------St. Croix A------------Audiences are almost universally busy, and there is a huge amount--of content out there to take in. eLearning courses were promised to fit flexibly--into people’s schedules, but they often still require a computer and aren’t designed--or developed well for a mobile device. What’s one answer to this issue? Podcasts.--People squeeze podcasts in during their commutes, while making dinner, and even--in the shower!--This session will look at how you can inexpensively create podcasts--yourself. You’ll find out what podcasts are good for (and not so good for), and--you’ll look at a basic production process. You’ll also explore some of the hardware--and software needed for capturing voices in a “studio” and virtually, and hear--about some common mistakes and best practices. You’ll leave the session with a clearer--idea, and even a plan, of how to integrate podcasting into your learning offerings.--In this session, you will--learn:----What podcasts can and can’t do--What basic hardware and software you need to produce--podcasts, such as Skype, Adobe Audition CC, and Audacity--How to develop a process for pre-production, production,--and post-production of a podcast series--Ways to host, launch, and market a podcast (including--how to get it into the iTunes podcast library!)----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Skype, Adobe Audition CC, and Audacity.------------Kirby Crider--Learning Technology Specialist Training Resources Group--Kirby Crider, a learning technology specialist at Training Resources Group, is an instructional designer and consultant with a decade of experience designing and developing high-quality products on tight budgets for clients like the US Agency for International Development and the Forest Service, producing videos, podcasts, animations, and interactive online courses.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Audiences are almost universally busy, and there is a huge amount--of content out there to take in. eLearning courses were promised to fit flexibly--into people’s schedules, but they often still require a computer and aren’t designed--or developed well for a mobile device. What’s one answer to this issue? Podcasts.--People squeeze podcasts in during their commutes, while making dinner, and even--in the shower!--This session will look at how you can inexpensively create podcasts--yourself. You’ll find out what podcasts are good for (and not so good for), and--you’ll look at a basic production process. You’ll also explore some of the hardware--and software needed for capturing voices in a “studio” and virtually, and hear--about some common mistakes and best practices. You’ll leave the session with a clearer--idea, and even a plan, of how to integrate podcasting into your learning offerings.--In this session, you will--learn:----What podcasts can and can’t do--What basic hardware and software you need to produce--podcasts, such as Skype, Adobe Audition CC, and Audacity--How to develop a process for pre-production, production,--and post-production of a podcast series--Ways to host, launch, and market a podcast (including--how to get it into the iTunes podcast library!)----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Skype, Adobe Audition CC, and Audacity.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Kirby Crider--Learning Technology Specialist Training Resources Group

SPEAKER_BIO:Kirby Crider, a learning technology specialist at Training Resources Group, is an instructional designer and consultant with a decade of experience designing and developing high-quality products on tight budgets for clients like the US Agency for International Development and the Forest Service, producing videos, podcasts, animations, and interactive online courses.",Creating Learning Podcasts on a Shoestring - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:809 Powering Next-Gen Learning with VR and xAPI------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------AR & VR----------Antigua B------------Virtual reality technologies have long been the promise of the--future but just out of reach for the mainstream. Recent VR innovations, though,--have allowed instructional designers and learning engineers to create and distribute--custom VR content in ways that make VR a transformative part of training and learning--programs across industries. When combined with xAPI, these futuristic technologies--allow you to gain never-before-captured insights from next-gen digital experiences.--This session will take a look at how VR powered by xAPI is currently--being used by instructional designers, learning engineers, and L&D professionals--to gain new insights from next-gen learning experiences. You will explore case studies--that demonstrate how VR interactions allow learners to explore and participate in--engaging and intuitive 360-degree virtual environments designed to expand their--vision and promote learning, impact, and retention. You will see case studies demonstrating--how organizations are using xAPI-enabled VR content to enhance learning, from safety--and compliance to onboarding and training.--In this session, you will--learn:----How organizations are creating their own xAPI-powered--VR content for learning and training--How advances in data and learning analytics provide--insight into the value of VR learning content--What the advantages and benefits are of adding VR--content to your learning and training programs--How modern VR tools make immersive content creation--accessible for instructional designers and learning engineers at all levels----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--VR learning content platforms, including CenarioVR and A-Frame;--xAPI; and xAPI-powered learning dashboards.------------------John Blackmon--Chief Technology Officer Trivantis--John Blackmon, the chief technology officer at Trivantis Corporation, is responsible for development and strategy for the company’s eLearning products. John is the original developer of the company’s flagship Lectora product line. Previously, he was co-founder and lead engineer at BocaSoft, which created various software utilities for the OS/2 operating system. John began his career at Electronic Data Systems and then spent time at IBM. He regularly speaks at eLearning events on topics ranging from xAPI to responsive design, and has a patent pending on his work for responsive course design. John received a BS in electrical engineering from Florida Institute of Technology. ------------------Melissa Milloway--Sr. Learning Experience Designer Amazon--Melissa Milloway is a senior instructional designer at Amazon, where she specializes in designing and developing digital learning experiences. She was selected as a “30 Under 30” learning leader for Elliott Masie’s Learning 2014 conference and is also an avid blogger in the industry.----------------------Margaret Roth--Chief Customer Experience Officer Yet Analytics--Margaret Roth is the chief customer experience officer at Yet Analytics, a Baltimore-based company that provides tools and solutions to improve learning and talent development. Margaret is interested in the development and design of connected learning environments that leverage xAPI and blended learning. Her background is in experiential education, curriculum design, teaching, and team development. She is the VP of community impact for the Junior League of Baltimore, a member of the SXSWedu Advisory Board, and a co-founder of EdTechWomen. Margaret received her BA in English and environmental earth science and her MA in teaching from Johns Hopkins University.------------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Virtual reality technologies have long been the promise of the--future but just out of reach for the mainstream. Recent VR innovations, though,--have allowed instructional designers and learning engineers to create and distribute--custom VR content in ways that make VR a transformative part of training and learning--programs across industries. When combined with xAPI, these futuristic technologies--allow you to gain never-before-captured insights from next-gen digital experiences.--This session will take a look at how VR powered by xAPI is currently--being used by instructional designers, learning engineers, and L&D professionals--to gain new insights from next-gen learning experiences. You will explore case studies--that demonstrate how VR interactions allow learners to explore and participate in--engaging and intuitive 360-degree virtual environments designed to expand their--vision and promote learning, impact, and retention. You will see case studies demonstrating--how organizations are using xAPI-enabled VR content to enhance learning, from safety--and compliance to onboarding and training.--In this session, you will--learn:----How organizations are creating their own xAPI-powered--VR content for learning and training--How advances in data and learning analytics provide--insight into the value of VR learning content--What the advantages and benefits are of adding VR--content to your learning and training programs--How modern VR tools make immersive content creation--accessible for instructional designers and learning engineers at all levels----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--VR learning content platforms, including CenarioVR and A-Frame;--xAPI; and xAPI-powered learning dashboards.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Margaret Roth--Chief Customer Experience Officer Yet Analytics

SPEAKER_BIO:Margaret Roth is the chief customer experience officer at Yet Analytics, a Baltimore-based company that provides tools and solutions to improve learning and talent development. Margaret is interested in the development and design of connected learning environments that leverage xAPI and blended learning. Her background is in experiential education, curriculum design, teaching, and team development. She is the VP of community impact for the Junior League of Baltimore, a member of the SXSWedu Advisory Board, and a co-founder of EdTechWomen. Margaret received her BA in English and environmental earth science and her MA in teaching from Johns Hopkins University.",Powering Next-Gen Learning with VR and xAPI - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:810 Social Virtual Reality at Visa------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------AR & VR----------Barbados B------------What if you could infuse the power of social learning into virtual--reality or augmented reality? While they offer deeply immersive experiences for--individuals, both can be primarily a solo experience. Learn how Visa is using connected--mobile devices in concert with AR and VR hardware to create collaborative experiences--for learners.--In this session, you’ll explore Visa’s successes and lessons--learned and receive guidance for how you can leverage social VR/AR with your employees.--You’ll also learn about Visa’s human-centered design process for developing such--experiences, including how they engage users through UX design. Plus, you’ll ideate--how social VR/AR can be used within your organization.--In this session, you will--learn:----How Visa took their concept from ideation through--implementation--About Visa’s successes, lessons learned, and guidance--for developing VR/AR experiences--How to build a team-based VR learning experience--at your organization--New ideas for how you can use social VR/AR with your--employees----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Virtual reality (VR), Vive custom build, and augmented reality--(AR).------------------Carol Combs--Senior Instructional Designer Visa--Carol Combs is the senior instructional designer for learning and --innovation at Visa University, where she focuses on the introduction of --compelling and innovative learning experiences. In her role at Visa, --Carol develops learning experiences that leverage emerging --technologies in mobile, social, and gamified environments. Carol is a --graduate of the University of Wisconsin and has a background in --computer engineering and information technologies.------------------Kierra Dotson--Creative Technologist Visa--Kierra Dotson is a creative technologist with Visa, where she explores and designs new concepts and technologies to create new learning paradigms. Kierra is responsible for developing new technology solutions within the Visa University learning ecosystem that shape how data is captured and analyzed.------------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:What if you could infuse the power of social learning into virtual--reality or augmented reality? While they offer deeply immersive experiences for--individuals, both can be primarily a solo experience. Learn how Visa is using connected--mobile devices in concert with AR and VR hardware to create collaborative experiences--for learners.--In this session, you’ll explore Visa’s successes and lessons--learned and receive guidance for how you can leverage social VR/AR with your employees.--You’ll also learn about Visa’s human-centered design process for developing such--experiences, including how they engage users through UX design. Plus, you’ll ideate--how social VR/AR can be used within your organization.--In this session, you will--learn:----How Visa took their concept from ideation through--implementation--About Visa’s successes, lessons learned, and guidance--for developing VR/AR experiences--How to build a team-based VR learning experience--at your organization--New ideas for how you can use social VR/AR with your--employees----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Virtual reality (VR), Vive custom build, and augmented reality--(AR).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Kierra Dotson--Creative Technologist Visa

SPEAKER_BIO:Kierra Dotson is a creative technologist with Visa, where she explores and designs new concepts and technologies to create new learning paradigms. Kierra is responsible for developing new technology solutions within the Visa University learning ecosystem that shape how data is captured and analyzed.",Social Virtual Reality at Visa - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:811 When Your Client Won’t Budge: Tips for Avoiding the Information Dump------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Instructional Design----------Montego DE------------Your client provides a lengthy slide deck and asks you to create--an engaging and fun course. You roll up your instructional design sleeves and start--slashing unnecessary content and preparing a learner-focused design where learners--practice scenario-based decision-making. But what do you do when your client rejects--your design and demands a locked-navigation course that uses every word from their--lengthy slide deck?--In this case study session, find out how to move beyond the information--dump even when your client isn’t budging. You’ll discover ways to incorporate the--information your client deems necessary while simultaneously avoiding information--overload. You will also explore options that provide learners more freedom and control--over their learning path while meeting your client’s request to lock down the navigation.--This session will also provide you with ideas on how to tie together every element--of the course to both enhance learning retention and strengthen your pitch of an--unlocked course structure to your client.--In this session, you will--learn:----Creative ways to organize content so that it is meaningful--to learners--How to redesign the content to enable learners to--learn from their mistakes--About options that provide learners navigational--control over their learning experience without fully unlocking the course navigation--Strategies to tie every course element—including--performance objectives, content, and assessment questions—together to help learners--grasp the material----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate Storyline 2.------------Christina Grimsley--Sr. Instructional Designer Southwest Airlines--Christina Grimsley is a senior instructional designer for Southwest Airlines, where she creates online learning. Christina has worked for organizations such as Brink’s Home Security and ADT, and she holds a PhD in rhetoric from Texas Woman’s University. She has held positions as a corporate trainer, senior instructional designer, and instructor of technical writing. Christina is a frequent presenter at national writing conferences on the topics of flipped classrooms, new media, and digital writing. She is also the author of “How Students in a First-Year Composition Course Respond to the Flipped Classroom.”------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Your client provides a lengthy slide deck and asks you to create--an engaging and fun course. You roll up your instructional design sleeves and start--slashing unnecessary content and preparing a learner-focused design where learners--practice scenario-based decision-making. But what do you do when your client rejects--your design and demands a locked-navigation course that uses every word from their--lengthy slide deck?--In this case study session, find out how to move beyond the information--dump even when your client isn’t budging. You’ll discover ways to incorporate the--information your client deems necessary while simultaneously avoiding information--overload. You will also explore options that provide learners more freedom and control--over their learning path while meeting your client’s request to lock down the navigation.--This session will also provide you with ideas on how to tie together every element--of the course to both enhance learning retention and strengthen your pitch of an--unlocked course structure to your client.--In this session, you will--learn:----Creative ways to organize content so that it is meaningful--to learners--How to redesign the content to enable learners to--learn from their mistakes--About options that provide learners navigational--control over their learning experience without fully unlocking the course navigation--Strategies to tie every course element—including--performance objectives, content, and assessment questions—together to help learners--grasp the material----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate Storyline 2.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Christina Grimsley--Sr. Instructional Designer Southwest Airlines

SPEAKER_BIO:Christina Grimsley is a senior instructional designer for Southwest Airlines, where she creates online learning. Christina has worked for organizations such as Brink’s Home Security and ADT, and she holds a PhD in rhetoric from Texas Woman’s University. She has held positions as a corporate trainer, senior instructional designer, and instructor of technical writing. Christina is a frequent presenter at national writing conferences on the topics of flipped classrooms, new media, and digital writing. She is also the author of “How Students in a First-Year Composition Course Respond to the Flipped Classroom.”",When Your Client Won’t Budge: Tips for Avoiding the Information Dump - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:812 Increasing “Stickiness” with Mobile Coaching Platforms------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Mobile----------Barbados A------------L&D is evolving and bringing you new ways to reach your learners--by reaching beyond the classroom and into the workflow. It’s what modern learners--expect. But how do you transcend eLearning or live training events and bring knowledge--into the workflow in contextual ways that increase retention, and that create intentional--refocus and additional application opportunities?--One set of productivity tools that shows incredible promise is--mobile coaching platforms (MCPs). While there are numerous players in the field,--offering different features and functions, this session will cover these tools in--two categories: video and SMS coaching. You’ll examine ideal use cases, see a few--examples in practice, discuss challenges and barriers, and learn how to gain sponsor--support to burst out of the classroom and into your learners’ hands—right where--they are doing the work. The session will close with a conversation about the practitioner--learning curve for these tools and how to get started.--In this session, you will--learn:----What MCPs are, and how they can up your training--and performance support game--How some companies are using MCPs as training reinforcement--and as performance support--How to talk about these new tools with your partners--or clients, and what you need to get started--About the practitioner learning curve and what you--can do to reduce that, starting today----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Video coaching (practice—screen caps from actual work); chatbots--(Mobile Coach—screen caps and an actual chatbot opt-in experience for participants);--and The Everyday Coach (GP’s custom mobile coaching app with screen captures of--the authoring backend).------------------Ann Rollins--Learning Strategist GP Strategies--Ann Rollins, a learning strategist for GP Strategies, is a modern --learning champion, published author, and instructional design leader --with 25 years of industry experience. At GP Strategies, she leads --learning strategy and innovation for Fortune 100 companies, guides --and crafts the upskilling efforts for L&D teams of global --organizations, and conducts enterprise learning needs assessments. --She creates ILT, VILT, eLearning, and blended solutions that --incorporate a variety of cutting-edge learning delivery approaches --and technology.------------------Britney Cole--Director of Learning Experience & Innovation GP Strategies--Britney Cole is the director of learning experience and innovation at GP --Strategies. A learning leader with experience in --organization development, human performance, and corporate learning, --Britney has managed virtual teams for more --than a decade. Britney leads design thinking experiences and recommends --outcome-focused solutions using emerging --learning technologies for clients in a variety of industries. She helps her --clients with learning design and architecture, --content development, leadership and professional development, --performance consulting, technology implementation, --and change management. She is currently helping pioneer new experiential --learning methods, including 360 video and --defining a learning 3.0 taxonomy.------------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:L&D is evolving and bringing you new ways to reach your learners--by reaching beyond the classroom and into the workflow. It’s what modern learners--expect. But how do you transcend eLearning or live training events and bring knowledge--into the workflow in contextual ways that increase retention, and that create intentional--refocus and additional application opportunities?--One set of productivity tools that shows incredible promise is--mobile coaching platforms (MCPs). While there are numerous players in the field,--offering different features and functions, this session will cover these tools in--two categories: video and SMS coaching. You’ll examine ideal use cases, see a few--examples in practice, discuss challenges and barriers, and learn how to gain sponsor--support to burst out of the classroom and into your learners’ hands—right where--they are doing the work. The session will close with a conversation about the practitioner--learning curve for these tools and how to get started.--In this session, you will--learn:----What MCPs are, and how they can up your training--and performance support game--How some companies are using MCPs as training reinforcement--and as performance support--How to talk about these new tools with your partners--or clients, and what you need to get started--About the practitioner learning curve and what you--can do to reduce that, starting today----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Video coaching (practice—screen caps from actual work); chatbots--(Mobile Coach—screen caps and an actual chatbot opt-in experience for participants);--and The Everyday Coach (GP’s custom mobile coaching app with screen captures of--the authoring backend).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Britney Cole--Director of Learning Experience & Innovation GP Strategies

SPEAKER_BIO:Britney Cole is the director of learning experience and innovation at GP --Strategies. A learning leader with experience in --organization development, human performance, and corporate learning, --Britney has managed virtual teams for more --than a decade. Britney leads design thinking experiences and recommends --outcome-focused solutions using emerging --learning technologies for clients in a variety of industries. She helps her --clients with learning design and architecture, --content development, leadership and professional development, --performance consulting, technology implementation, --and change management. She is currently helping pioneer new experiential --learning methods, including 360 video and --defining a learning 3.0 taxonomy.",Increasing “Stickiness” with Mobile Coaching Platforms - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:813 What’s New in Open-Source Learning Technologies?------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Tools----------Montego C------------Organizations often find difficulty adopting new learning technologies--due to lack of funding or a limited ability to customize tools for business needs.--But by leveraging open-source software, learning professionals can use the community--of developers to affordably grow their departmental abilities.--In this session, you will learn about five open-source technologies--that you can use in training and development functions, including Adapt Learning,--WordPress, Learning Locker, H5P, and Sakai. You will explore the state of each of--these projects, discuss implementation strategies for the technology stack, determine--methods to partner with internal IT teams in the implementation of open-source solutions,--and review case studies of successful open-source learning implementations.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to implement open-source solutions in your training--organization--How to work with IT business partners to launch open-source--projects--How to develop eLearning modules without buying expensive--authoring software--About successful implementation of open-source technologies--in learning--How to create a knowledge management solution using--WordPress--How to deploy an open-source LMS----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--WordPress, Learning Locker, H5P, LAMP Stack, Sakai, StackOverflow,--and Github.------------Frazier Smith--Human Resources Program Manager SnapAV--Frazier Smith is an HR training manager for SnapAV, the leading manufacturer and distributor of audio, video, networking, surveillance, power, and structured wiring products for custom integrators. Frazier has managed custom learning management systems with over 24,000 users and developed native learning experiences using Swift and xAPI. Frazier holds a master of education in instructional systems technology from UNC–Charlotte and is currently studying for his doctorate at Sam Houston State University in instructional systems technology and design. At DevLearn 2016, Frazier won the Best in Show (Non-Vendor) award for DemoFest.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Organizations often find difficulty adopting new learning technologies--due to lack of funding or a limited ability to customize tools for business needs.--But by leveraging open-source software, learning professionals can use the community--of developers to affordably grow their departmental abilities.--In this session, you will learn about five open-source technologies--that you can use in training and development functions, including Adapt Learning,--WordPress, Learning Locker, H5P, and Sakai. You will explore the state of each of--these projects, discuss implementation strategies for the technology stack, determine--methods to partner with internal IT teams in the implementation of open-source solutions,--and review case studies of successful open-source learning implementations.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to implement open-source solutions in your training--organization--How to work with IT business partners to launch open-source--projects--How to develop eLearning modules without buying expensive--authoring software--About successful implementation of open-source technologies--in learning--How to create a knowledge management solution using--WordPress--How to deploy an open-source LMS----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--WordPress, Learning Locker, H5P, LAMP Stack, Sakai, StackOverflow,--and Github.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Frazier Smith--Human Resources Program Manager SnapAV

SPEAKER_BIO:Frazier Smith is an HR training manager for SnapAV, the leading manufacturer and distributor of audio, video, networking, surveillance, power, and structured wiring products for custom integrators. Frazier has managed custom learning management systems with over 24,000 users and developed native learning experiences using Swift and xAPI. Frazier holds a master of education in instructional systems technology from UNC–Charlotte and is currently studying for his doctorate at Sam Houston State University in instructional systems technology and design. At DevLearn 2016, Frazier won the Best in Show (Non-Vendor) award for DemoFest.",What’s New in Open-Source Learning Technologies? - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:814 How AR, VR, Games, and Simulations Are Ushering In a New Era of Learning------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Emerging Tech----------St. Croix B------------A new wave of game-playing professionals are entering the workforce.--Professional football players already rehearse their moves with video games. Pilots--earn flight miles in flight simulators. Soldiers are recruited and trained with--the America’s Army game. How will corporations--develop the next generation of learners who have spent more time with video games--than in school? How will they bring immersion, engagement, and presence to new levels?--In this session, you’ll explore the real ways leading companies--prepare their employees with on-the-job training simulations, such as business leadership,--cyber defense, and executive selling. You’ll discover how these experiences challenge--players to level up through increasingly complex real-world tasks and offer feedback--and recognition along the way. You’ll also find out how virtual and augmented reality--are ushering in a new era of experiential and visceral learning that promises to--upend training and human performance.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to develop games that thrive on a sense of engagement,--storytelling, character identification, immersion, problem-solving, and accomplishment--How to develop a 3-D transmedia strategy to leverage--the cost of developing for VR and AR by deploying the same simulation to desktops,--tablets, and phones--How to use virtual reality as “the ultimate empathy--machine” to develop customer service and people skills--How to leverage the 2 billion phones that were just--turned into a magic lens of augmented reality to develop everything from onboarding--to performance support--How to develop mobile business sims----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Virtual reality: Windows; mixed reality; and augmented--reality: phone-based and Magic Leap mobile simulations.------------Anders Gronstedt--President Gronstedt Group--Anders Gronstedt is the president of the Gronstedt Group, which helps global companies like Google, KPMG, DaVita, and Kimberly-Clark improve performance with innovative learning approaches, including next-generation digital simulations, gaming, transmedia storytelling, immersive 3-D virtual worlds, and virtual and augmented reality. Anders holds a PhD and is a former faculty member of the University of Colorado–Boulder School of Journalism. His articles have appeared in the Harvard Business Review.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:A new wave of game-playing professionals are entering the workforce.--Professional football players already rehearse their moves with video games. Pilots--earn flight miles in flight simulators. Soldiers are recruited and trained with--the America’s Army game. How will corporations--develop the next generation of learners who have spent more time with video games--than in school? How will they bring immersion, engagement, and presence to new levels?--In this session, you’ll explore the real ways leading companies--prepare their employees with on-the-job training simulations, such as business leadership,--cyber defense, and executive selling. You’ll discover how these experiences challenge--players to level up through increasingly complex real-world tasks and offer feedback--and recognition along the way. You’ll also find out how virtual and augmented reality--are ushering in a new era of experiential and visceral learning that promises to--upend training and human performance.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to develop games that thrive on a sense of engagement,--storytelling, character identification, immersion, problem-solving, and accomplishment--How to develop a 3-D transmedia strategy to leverage--the cost of developing for VR and AR by deploying the same simulation to desktops,--tablets, and phones--How to use virtual reality as “the ultimate empathy--machine” to develop customer service and people skills--How to leverage the 2 billion phones that were just--turned into a magic lens of augmented reality to develop everything from onboarding--to performance support--How to develop mobile business sims----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Virtual reality: Windows; mixed reality; and augmented--reality: phone-based and Magic Leap mobile simulations.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Anders Gronstedt--President Gronstedt Group

SPEAKER_BIO:Anders Gronstedt is the president of the Gronstedt Group, which helps global companies like Google, KPMG, DaVita, and Kimberly-Clark improve performance with innovative learning approaches, including next-generation digital simulations, gaming, transmedia storytelling, immersive 3-D virtual worlds, and virtual and augmented reality. Anders holds a PhD and is a former faculty member of the University of Colorado–Boulder School of Journalism. His articles have appeared in the Harvard Business Review."
How AR, VR, Games, and Simulations Are Ushering In a New Era of Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:815 BYOD: Voice Experience Design: Giving Your Learning a Voice ------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Emerging Tech----------Martinique AB------------Voice technology is becoming essential to everyday life. Speech--recognition accuracy has gone from 95 to 99 percent, which has people using it all--the time. In less than two years, 50 percent of searches online will be performed--via voice. Voice is faster, less cumbersome, near-universal, and effective. It’s--natural! So why not use it to deliver just-in-time training for your learners?--In this session, you’ll be designing and developing two simple--skills for Amazon Alexa that you will be able to use after DevLearn. The first will--be a flash briefing skill, which will deliver important information to learners--(e.g., an OHS update or a message from the CEO). Second will be a custom skill:--You’ll build a wellbeing skill that is integrated with Google Sheets so it can dynamically--be updated. You’ll learn how to ensure your language is natural, and what is required--to publish your skill or keep it private for internal business use. --In this session, you will--learn:----How to define voice experience (VX) design--How you can use VX skills in your organization to--deliver just-in-time training--How to use the free Amazon Developer Console to create--two simple skills--How to ensure your voice is natural----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.). --Technology discussed in--this session:--Amazon Alexa, Amazon Developer Console, AWS, and Alexa Skill--Kit.--Participant technology--requirements:--Participants should bring a laptop. They should also have signed--up to AWS and Amazon Developer Console.------ -------------------- ----------------Cath Ellis--Learning Experience Designer Cath Ellis Learning Design--Cath Ellis is a freelance learning experience designer at Cath Ellis Learning Design, a boutique eLearning company in Melbourne, Australia. She has more than a decade of experience creating authentic and powerful learning experiences for clients across the globe. She has a bachelor of adult learning and development and has just completed her master of digital technology in education from the University of Melbourne. --------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Voice technology is becoming essential to everyday life. Speech--recognition accuracy has gone from 95 to 99 percent, which has people using it all--the time. In less than two years, 50 percent of searches online will be performed--via voice. Voice is faster, less cumbersome, near-universal, and effective. It’s--natural! So why not use it to deliver just-in-time training for your learners?--In this session, you’ll be designing and developing two simple--skills for Amazon Alexa that you will be able to use after DevLearn. The first will--be a flash briefing skill, which will deliver important information to learners--(e.g., an OHS update or a message from the CEO). Second will be a custom skill:--You’ll build a wellbeing skill that is integrated with Google Sheets so it can dynamically--be updated. You’ll learn how to ensure your language is natural, and what is required--to publish your skill or keep it private for internal business use. --In this session, you will--learn:----How to define voice experience (VX) design--How you can use VX skills in your organization to--deliver just-in-time training--How to use the free Amazon Developer Console to create--two simple skills--How to ensure your voice is natural----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.). --Technology discussed in--this session:--Amazon Alexa, Amazon Developer Console, AWS, and Alexa Skill--Kit.--Participant technology--requirements:--Participants should bring a laptop. They should also have signed--up to AWS and Amazon Developer Console.------ -------------------- ----,

SPEAKER_NAME:Cath Ellis--Learning Experience Designer Cath Ellis Learning Design

SPEAKER_BIO:Cath Ellis is a freelance learning experience designer at Cath Ellis Learning Design, a boutique eLearning company in Melbourne, Australia. She has more than a decade of experience creating authentic and powerful learning experiences for clients across the globe. She has a bachelor of adult learning and development and has just completed her master of digital technology in education from the University of Melbourne. ,BYOD: Voice Experience Design: Giving Your Learning a Voice - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:816 BYOD: Developing Responsive eLearning Using Fluid Boxes in Captivate------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Tools----------Trinidad AB------------Fluid boxes in Adobe Captivate 2017 are seemingly magical containers--that allow you to create responsive eLearning courses in a snap. Just add the images,--videos, animations, buttons, and other objects to the fluid boxes and they will--automatically arrange on the screen based on the screen size and orientation.--During this hands-on session, you will learn how to create responsive--eLearning courses using fluid boxes. You will also learn about the best practices--of using fluid boxes in Captivate and make the most of them. You will receive a--step-by-step guide for getting started with fluid boxes during the session.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to create a responsive course using Captivate--How to add fluid boxes to the slides--How to modify the fluid box properties--About the best practices of creating responsive courses--in Captivate----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed in--this session:--Adobe Captivate.--Technology required:--Laptop and latest version of Adobe Captivate.------------Pooja Jaisingh--Senior Learning Evangelist Adobe Systems--Pooja Jaisingh is a senior learning evangelist at Adobe Systems. She has created several award-winning eLearning courses and eBooks, and regularly conducts workshops and webinars on Adobe eLearning tools and services. In her previous roles, she has worked as a teacher trainer, instructional designer, and chief learning geek. Pooja is CPLP and COTP certified. She holds a master’s degree in education and economics and a doctorate in educational technology.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Fluid boxes in Adobe Captivate 2017 are seemingly magical containers--that allow you to create responsive eLearning courses in a snap. Just add the images,--videos, animations, buttons, and other objects to the fluid boxes and they will--automatically arrange on the screen based on the screen size and orientation.--During this hands-on session, you will learn how to create responsive--eLearning courses using fluid boxes. You will also learn about the best practices--of using fluid boxes in Captivate and make the most of them. You will receive a--step-by-step guide for getting started with fluid boxes during the session.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to create a responsive course using Captivate--How to add fluid boxes to the slides--How to modify the fluid box properties--About the best practices of creating responsive courses--in Captivate----Audience: --Designers and developers. --Technology discussed in--this session:--Adobe Captivate.--Technology required:--Laptop and latest version of Adobe Captivate.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Pooja Jaisingh--Senior Learning Evangelist Adobe Systems

SPEAKER_BIO:Pooja Jaisingh is a senior learning evangelist at Adobe Systems. She has created several award-winning eLearning courses and eBooks, and regularly conducts workshops and webinars on Adobe eLearning tools and services. In her previous roles, she has worked as a teacher trainer, instructional designer, and chief learning geek. Pooja is CPLP and COTP certified. She holds a master’s degree in education and economics and a doctorate in educational technology.",BYOD: Developing Responsive eLearning Using Fluid Boxes in Captivate - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELR101 Industry Leader Panel: The Future of eLearning Development------------10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Rockstars Stage------------The eLearning industry is changing quickly, and it can be--hard to keep up. Put that on top of ever-evolving tools, mobile vs. desktop--development, xAPI integration, and other feature requests, and it’s enough to--make you want to throw your computer out the window. But what if you knew what--the tool developers had planned for the near future?--For this session, eLearning Brothers asked, “What would--happen if we put the industry’s leading tool developers, including Adobe,--Trivantis, Claro, and Adapt, on the same stage?” Come to a fantastic panel--discussion that explores what’s currently exciting in rapid eLearning--development and what’s coming down the pipe. Where would you like to see the--technology go? SaaS vs. license purchase? Mobile development on mobile? Come--get a peek into what will be in a developer’s toolbox in a few months, years,--and beyond.--In this session, you--will learn:----What rapid eLearning authoring tool leaders think--about where the industry is--Where authoring tool leaders would like to see the--industry go--What features authoring tools should have in the--future--About the future of rapid eLearning development----Audience: --Novice to advanced developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Adobe Captivate, Trivantis Lectora, Adapt, Claro, and HTML5.------------Andrew Scivally--CEO and Founder eLearning Brothers--Andrew Scivally is a co-founder of eLearning Brothers. He helps companies --create engaging, interactive, and inspiring eLearning content. Prior to --eLearning Brothers, he worked at JPMorganChase and Zions Bank, where he --managed learning and development teams and built online learning content. --Andrew holds a BA degree in communications from Southern Utah University --and an MS degree in computer education from the University of North Texas.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:The eLearning industry is changing quickly, and it can be--hard to keep up. Put that on top of ever-evolving tools, mobile vs. desktop--development, xAPI integration, and other feature requests, and it’s enough to--make you want to throw your computer out the window. But what if you knew what--the tool developers had planned for the near future?--For this session, eLearning Brothers asked, “What would--happen if we put the industry’s leading tool developers, including Adobe,--Trivantis, Claro, and Adapt, on the same stage?” Come to a fantastic panel--discussion that explores what’s currently exciting in rapid eLearning--development and what’s coming down the pipe. Where would you like to see the--technology go? SaaS vs. license purchase? Mobile development on mobile? Come--get a peek into what will be in a developer’s toolbox in a few months, years,--and beyond.--In this session, you--will learn:----What rapid eLearning authoring tool leaders think--about where the industry is--Where authoring tool leaders would like to see the--industry go--What features authoring tools should have in the--future--About the future of rapid eLearning development----Audience: --Novice to advanced developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Adobe Captivate, Trivantis Lectora, Adapt, Claro, and HTML5.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Andrew Scivally--CEO and Founder eLearning Brothers

SPEAKER_BIO:Andrew Scivally is a co-founder of eLearning Brothers. He helps companies --create engaging, interactive, and inspiring eLearning content. Prior to --eLearning Brothers, he worked at JPMorganChase and Zions Bank, where he --managed learning and development teams and built online learning content. --Andrew holds a BA degree in communications from Southern Utah University --and an MS degree in computer education from the University of North Texas.",Industry Leader Panel: The Future of eLearning Development - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELR102 Creating a Learning Strategy for Maximum Impact------------11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Rockstars Stage------------You’re charged with a high-stakes, high-visibility learning challenge.--Perhaps you need to prepare an entire hospital staff to work effectively on day--one of a move to a new hospital building, or you need to get a salesforce ready--to sell a new product line. How do you do it? There’s no quick fix, no single method--that will get full impact. You need to create an integrated learning strategy. --In this session, you’ll get a framework for creating an integrated,--multifaceted learning strategy. You’ll see how to design and build a systematic--set of learning experiences using technology appropriately, guided by sound learning--science principles. You’ll see examples of role-based learning paths that employ--eLearning, microlearning, on-the-job learning, coaching, video, workshops, simulations,--performance support, and fun reinforcement activities. You’ll learn how to apply--learning experience design principles including design thinking, active learning,--spaced practice, scenarios, and on-demand content. Finally, you’ll see how to implement--an iterative, collaborative design and development process that involves all stakeholders--to achieve maximum impact.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to apply learning science–based design strategies--for learning multiple complex skills--How to build integrated learning paths--How to adapt your organization’s learning ecosystem--to support complex learning--How to apply learning experience design principles--and processes to create effective and engaging learning----Audience: --Intermediate to advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--LMS, xAPI, content management system, learning experience--manager.------------Marty Rosenheck--Director, Talent Development Consulting eLearning Brothers--Marty Rosenheck is a director, talent development consulting at eLearning Brothers. He provides talent development, learning experience design, and learning technology ecosystem consulting. A thought leader and sought-after consultant, speaker, and writer on the application of cognitive science research to learning and performance, Marty has over 30 years of experience and holds a PhD. He has created award-winning learning experiences, designed learning ecosystems, developed cognitive apprenticeship programs, built performance support systems, conducted needs assessments, specified learning paths, constructed virtual learning environments, and developed formal, informal, and social learning strategies for dozens of organizations. Marty has shared his ideas in publications, presentations, and workshops.------<    
TIME:11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:You’re charged with a high-stakes, high-visibility learning challenge.--Perhaps you need to prepare an entire hospital staff to work effectively on day--one of a move to a new hospital building, or you need to get a salesforce ready--to sell a new product line. How do you do it? There’s no quick fix, no single method--that will get full impact. You need to create an integrated learning strategy. --In this session, you’ll get a framework for creating an integrated,--multifaceted learning strategy. You’ll see how to design and build a systematic--set of learning experiences using technology appropriately, guided by sound learning--science principles. You’ll see examples of role-based learning paths that employ--eLearning, microlearning, on-the-job learning, coaching, video, workshops, simulations,--performance support, and fun reinforcement activities. You’ll learn how to apply--learning experience design principles including design thinking, active learning,--spaced practice, scenarios, and on-demand content. Finally, you’ll see how to implement--an iterative, collaborative design and development process that involves all stakeholders--to achieve maximum impact.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to apply learning science–based design strategies--for learning multiple complex skills--How to build integrated learning paths--How to adapt your organization’s learning ecosystem--to support complex learning--How to apply learning experience design principles--and processes to create effective and engaging learning----Audience: --Intermediate to advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--LMS, xAPI, content management system, learning experience--manager.


SPEAKER_NAME:Marty Rosenheck--Director, Talent Development Consulting eLearning Brothers"

SPEAKER_BIO:Marty Rosenheck is a director, talent development consulting at eLearning Brothers. He provides talent development, learning experience design, and learning technology ecosystem consulting. A thought leader and sought-after consultant, speaker, and writer on the application of cognitive science research to learning and performance, Marty has over 30 years of experience and holds a PhD. He has created award-winning learning experiences, designed learning ecosystems, developed cognitive apprenticeship programs, built performance support systems, conducted needs assessments, specified learning paths, constructed virtual learning environments, and developed formal, informal, and social learning strategies for dozens of organizations. Marty has shared his ideas in publications, presentations, and workshops.",Creating a Learning Strategy for Maximum Impact - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELR103 What Can You Build Today in VR?------------12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Rockstars Stage------------You’ve heard that VR training experiences have a proven--higher retention rate, with retention gains reaching 75 percent in comparison--to standard video, eLearning, or textbook training. What you need to know is--how to create and deploy VR training quickly and cost-effectively with the--systems you have today.--In this session, you will learn the differences between VR,--AR, and MR, and how you can apply each of them in the training that you are--creating today. You will learn about a new tool, CenarioVR, that allows you to--rapidly create VR training by linking together multiple 360-degree images and--videos to create an immersive story. This session will also cover the creation,--editing, publishing, and tracking of VR training. It will highlight the--potential learning applications for using VR, and how you can integrate it into--your current learning environment.--In this session, you--will learn:----How to design, author, and deliver your own VR--content--Best practices in instructional design unique to--VR environments and VR space as a creation medium--How to use xAPI data visualizations to analyze--the effectiveness and measure the impact of VR content--How to link multiple 360 videos together and add--interaction and instruction to your VR content to create a story----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--Virtual reality, 360-degree video images and software, VR--hardware, CenarioVR, xAPI, and learning record stores.------------John Blackmon--Chief Technology Officer Trivantis--John Blackmon, the chief technology officer at Trivantis Corporation, is responsible for development and strategy for the company’s eLearning products. John is the original developer of the company’s flagship Lectora product line. Previously, he was co-founder and lead engineer at BocaSoft, which created various software utilities for the OS/2 operating system. John began his career at Electronic Data Systems and then spent time at IBM. He regularly speaks at eLearning events on topics ranging from xAPI to responsive design, and has a patent pending on his work for responsive course design. John received a BS in electrical engineering from Florida Institute of Technology. ------<    
TIME:12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:You’ve heard that VR training experiences have a proven--higher retention rate, with retention gains reaching 75 percent in comparison--to standard video, eLearning, or textbook training. What you need to know is--how to create and deploy VR training quickly and cost-effectively with the--systems you have today.--In this session, you will learn the differences between VR,--AR, and MR, and how you can apply each of them in the training that you are--creating today. You will learn about a new tool, CenarioVR, that allows you to--rapidly create VR training by linking together multiple 360-degree images and--videos to create an immersive story. This session will also cover the creation,--editing, publishing, and tracking of VR training. It will highlight the--potential learning applications for using VR, and how you can integrate it into--your current learning environment.--In this session, you--will learn:----How to design, author, and deliver your own VR--content--Best practices in instructional design unique to--VR environments and VR space as a creation medium--How to use xAPI data visualizations to analyze--the effectiveness and measure the impact of VR content--How to link multiple 360 videos together and add--interaction and instruction to your VR content to create a story----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--Virtual reality, 360-degree video images and software, VR--hardware, CenarioVR, xAPI, and learning record stores.,

SPEAKER_NAME:John Blackmon--Chief Technology Officer Trivantis

SPEAKER_BIO:John Blackmon, the chief technology officer at Trivantis Corporation, is responsible for development and strategy for the company’s eLearning products. John is the original developer of the company’s flagship Lectora product line. Previously, he was co-founder and lead engineer at BocaSoft, which created various software utilities for the OS/2 operating system. John began his career at Electronic Data Systems and then spent time at IBM. He regularly speaks at eLearning events on topics ranging from xAPI to responsive design, and has a patent pending on his work for responsive course design. John received a BS in electrical engineering from Florida Institute of Technology. ",What Can You Build Today in VR? - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELR104 Training That’s “Lit”: Engaging with Generation Z Learners------------1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Rockstars Stage------------Sigma Chi Fraternity’s existing, traditional learning--methods for incoming pledges weren’t received as well as hoped. Young learners--reported the training was too long, too “boring” and not “lit.” What changes--could Sigma Chi make that would truly connect with Gen Z pledges while still--effectively preparing them for their membership in the fraternity? --In this session, you will see examples of how traditional--training methods (eLearning, classroom, video, etc.) were redesigned to be--shorter, more engaging, and more effective while appealing directly to--Generation Z through the use of things like graphic novels, social media–themed--interactions (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Tinder), digital magazines,--gamified interactions, and more. You’ll also hear about the reaction new--pledges are having to this redesigned material and the difference it’s making--for Sigma Chi Fraternity.--In this session, you--will learn:----How to think about design in a way that may be--more appealing to the incoming generation of learners--How to upgrade courses in simple ways with--unique media treatments or interactions to help them feel more modern and fresh--How trimming content down to what’s most--meaningful can create a more impactful experience--How to use storytelling to give life to what may--otherwise be dry content----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Unity, Articulate Storyline 360, Google Apps Script, and--ClickSend.------------------Misty Harding--Program & Instructional Design Manager eLearning Brothers--Misty Harding, a program and instructional design manager for eLearning Brothers, has been a workplace learning and performance professional for nearly 20 years, specializing in instructional design, eLearning, facilitation, and training management. She has built and led instructional design, eLearning, and corporate training teams for companies like eBay and Qualfon and has designed award-winning products and managed learning product relationships for many Fortune 500 companies.------------------Jim Cogdal--Senior Director of Membership Development Sigma Chi Fraternity--Jim Cogdal is a senior director of membership development at Sigma --Chi Fraternity. Jim serves as the lead staff support for the Education --and Leadership Board and the Jordan Initiative Committee, which --works with both the Preparation for Brotherhood and Ritual for Life --programs. He attended Bradley University in Peoria, Illinois, where he --became a member of Sigma Chi. Jim oversees the fraternity’s --educational programs and alumni services departments. He also serves --as the project lead for the fraternity’s Education and Leadership Board, --as well as support staff for Sigma Chi’s leadership programs and --alumni engagement.------------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Sigma Chi Fraternity’s existing, traditional learning--methods for incoming pledges weren’t received as well as hoped. Young learners--reported the training was too long, too “boring” and not “lit.” What changes--could Sigma Chi make that would truly connect with Gen Z pledges while still--effectively preparing them for their membership in the fraternity? --In this session, you will see examples of how traditional--training methods (eLearning, classroom, video, etc.) were redesigned to be--shorter, more engaging, and more effective while appealing directly to--Generation Z through the use of things like graphic novels, social media–themed--interactions (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Tinder), digital magazines,--gamified interactions, and more. You’ll also hear about the reaction new--pledges are having to this redesigned material and the difference it’s making--for Sigma Chi Fraternity.--In this session, you--will learn:----How to think about design in a way that may be--more appealing to the incoming generation of learners--How to upgrade courses in simple ways with--unique media treatments or interactions to help them feel more modern and fresh--How trimming content down to what’s most--meaningful can create a more impactful experience--How to use storytelling to give life to what may--otherwise be dry content----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Unity, Articulate Storyline 360, Google Apps Script, and--ClickSend.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jim Cogdal--Senior Director of Membership Development Sigma Chi Fraternity

SPEAKER_BIO:Jim Cogdal is a senior director of membership development at Sigma --Chi Fraternity. Jim serves as the lead staff support for the Education --and Leadership Board and the Jordan Initiative Committee, which --works with both the Preparation for Brotherhood and Ritual for Life --programs. He attended Bradley University in Peoria, Illinois, where he --became a member of Sigma Chi. Jim oversees the fraternity’s --educational programs and alumni services departments. He also serves --as the project lead for the fraternity’s Education and Leadership Board, --as well as support staff for Sigma Chi’s leadership programs and --alumni engagement.",Training That’s “Lit”: Engaging with Generation Z Learners - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELR105 Using Games to Make Your Training More Effective------------2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Rockstars Stage------------Employee training expenses in North America exceed $70 billion--each year. Unfortunately, much of that learning is passive, dull, and uninteresting—in--other words, not effective. An alternative to this type of training is to provide--active, interesting, and engaging instruction—in other words, effective instruction.--This session will showcase how game-based training motivates learners, improves--retention, and drives better business results. --This session will explore six performance objectives and align--a unique game mechanic with each one. You will create and play a meaningful, motivational,--and memorable game and compete for real-world prizes. This session will provide--you with a new toolkit for game-based training and some exercises that you can bring--back to your corporate classroom. --In this session, you will--learn:----How to identify the right game mechanic for your--training objectives--How to build fun and effective custom training games--in minutes--How to analyze detailed data analytics to assess--learning gaps and behaviors--How different game types and mechanics can help increase--knowledge retention----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--This session will leverage The Training Arcade to create a--game on a PC, and any attendee will be able to play the game on their phone, tablet,--or PC with WiFi. ------------------Karl Kapp--Professor of Instructional Technology and Director of the Institute for Interactive Technologies Bloomsburg University--Karl M. Kapp, EdD, is a professor of instructional technology at Bloomsburg University, where he teaches game design and gamification classes. Karl also serves as the director of Bloomsburg’s Institute for Interactive Technologies. He has authored or co-authored six books, including The Gamification of Learning and Instruction. Karl is the author of two Lynda.com courses, including the Gamification of Learning. He is co-founder of the educational game company 2Klearning.com, founder of the educational consulting firm The Wisdom Learning Group, and a TEDx speaker. Karl speaks and consults internationally, helping organizations with the convergence of games, learning, and technology. --------------------Stephen Baer--Managing Partner The Game Agency--Stephen Baer, managing partner at The Game Agency (TGA), creates digital --solutions that acquire and activate audiences. Stephen and TGA have --developed award-winning game-based solutions that have been used to --onboard new employees for sales and product training, security, compliance, --processes, customer service, and many other training topics. His primary --responsibility has been to oversee the creative execution of campaign rollouts. --Stephen helps companies design and deploy smart, scalable communication --strategies to acquire and retain audiences while creating and optimizing --interactive training content. Stephen leaves lasting impressions and produces --proven results across earned, owned, paid, and shared media. ------------<    
TIME:2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Employee training expenses in North America exceed $70 billion--each year. Unfortunately, much of that learning is passive, dull, and uninteresting—in--other words, not effective. An alternative to this type of training is to provide--active, interesting, and engaging instruction—in other words, effective instruction.--This session will showcase how game-based training motivates learners, improves--retention, and drives better business results. --This session will explore six performance objectives and align--a unique game mechanic with each one. You will create and play a meaningful, motivational,--and memorable game and compete for real-world prizes. This session will provide--you with a new toolkit for game-based training and some exercises that you can bring--back to your corporate classroom. --In this session, you will--learn:----How to identify the right game mechanic for your--training objectives--How to build fun and effective custom training games--in minutes--How to analyze detailed data analytics to assess--learning gaps and behaviors--How different game types and mechanics can help increase--knowledge retention----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--This session will leverage The Training Arcade to create a--game on a PC, and any attendee will be able to play the game on their phone, tablet,--or PC with WiFi. ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Stephen Baer--Managing Partner The Game Agency

SPEAKER_BIO:Stephen Baer, managing partner at The Game Agency (TGA), creates digital --solutions that acquire and activate audiences. Stephen and TGA have --developed award-winning game-based solutions that have been used to --onboard new employees for sales and product training, security, compliance, --processes, customer service, and many other training topics. His primary --responsibility has been to oversee the creative execution of campaign rollouts. --Stephen helps companies design and deploy smart, scalable communication --strategies to acquire and retain audiences while creating and optimizing --interactive training content. Stephen leaves lasting impressions and produces --proven results across earned, owned, paid, and shared media. ",Using Games to Make Your Training More Effective - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELR106 Making 508 Accessible to Developers------------3:15 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Rockstars Stage------------Being 508-compliant is meant to make your courses more accessible,--but creating 508-compliant courses can be very difficult. Different requirements,--changing definitions, and clarifying expectations will add hours to any project.----When it comes to tools for helping developers create 508-compliant--courses, the industry has come a long way. This session explores some of these--tools and shows how 508 compliance can be much more accessible for everyone.--In this session, you will--learn:----About 508 compliance tests--About 508-compliant authoring--How to define your level of 508 compliance--How to reduce development time of 508-compliant courses----Audience: --Novice to advanced developers.------------Daryl Fleary--VP Business Solutions Trivantis--Daryl Fleary is a vice president of business solutions at Trivantis. He has --over 20 years’ experience as a unit and project manager, senior --instructional designer/consultant, eLearning designer, and business --developer/relationship manager specializing in instruction and performance --support solutions. Daryl’s experience includes developing instructor-led --courses, web-based training programs, knowledge portals, electronic --performance support/help systems, self-study guides, and other learning --materials. As an FTE or consultant he has worked with a number of --industries, including financial services, telecommunications, healthcare, --utilities, and federal and state governments. Daryl has been a frequent --presenter in online webinars and at learning conferences, including --Learning Solutions, DevLearn, and TechKnowledge.------<    
TIME:3:15 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Being 508-compliant is meant to make your courses more accessible,--but creating 508-compliant courses can be very difficult. Different requirements,--changing definitions, and clarifying expectations will add hours to any project.----When it comes to tools for helping developers create 508-compliant--courses, the industry has come a long way. This session explores some of these--tools and shows how 508 compliance can be much more accessible for everyone.--In this session, you will--learn:----About 508 compliance tests--About 508-compliant authoring--How to define your level of 508 compliance--How to reduce development time of 508-compliant courses----Audience: --Novice to advanced developers.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Daryl Fleary--VP Business Solutions Trivantis

SPEAKER_BIO:Daryl Fleary is a vice president of business solutions at Trivantis. He has --over 20 years’ experience as a unit and project manager, senior --instructional designer/consultant, eLearning designer, and business --developer/relationship manager specializing in instruction and performance --support solutions. Daryl’s experience includes developing instructor-led --courses, web-based training programs, knowledge portals, electronic --performance support/help systems, self-study guides, and other learning --materials. As an FTE or consultant he has worked with a number of --industries, including financial services, telecommunications, healthcare, --utilities, and federal and state governments. Daryl has been a frequent --presenter in online webinars and at learning conferences, including --Learning Solutions, DevLearn, and TechKnowledge.",Making 508 Accessible to Developers - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELR201 On the eLearning Horizon and Beyond------------10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Rockstars Stage------------The eLearning industry is constantly changing. It can be difficult--to keep an eye on what advancements are coming while also trying to manage current--budgets and technology restraints.--Gain in-depth understanding on how the eLearning landscape is--shifting and evolving, as well as how to make the most of emerging trends including--social, microlearning, gamification, and mobile trends you need to know before 2019.--In this session, you will--learn:----What general trends are being seen in the industry--Mobile trends you need to know--Trends for Generation Z--How to prepare for Generation Z--How to maximize the business impact of learning----Audience: --Intermediate to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).------------------Alessio Artuffo--Chief Revenue Officer Docebo--Alessio Artuffo is the chief revenue officer at Docebo’s Canadian office. Alessio launched Docebo North America’s operations in 2013 in Athens, Georgia. As chief revenue officer, he is responsible for the company’s revenues, services, and customer success teams. Prior to his current role, Alessio led the Docebo international sales and channel organizations and was previously the US country manager at another learning technology provider. Since early 2000, Alessio has supported high-performing teams at some of the largest Fortune 500 companies worldwide in designing and implementing highly complex online learning solutions. Alessio’s main areas of expertise include modern growth approaches for highly performing SaaS businesses and helping European companies succeed in the North American market.------------------Curtis J. Morley--President and Chief Growth Officer eLearning Brothers--Curtis J. Morley is the president and chief growth officer of eLearning Brothers. Curtis founded several successful multimillion-dollar companies, which include the world’s first interactive digital sheet music company and an executive coaching company.------------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:The eLearning industry is constantly changing. It can be difficult--to keep an eye on what advancements are coming while also trying to manage current--budgets and technology restraints.--Gain in-depth understanding on how the eLearning landscape is--shifting and evolving, as well as how to make the most of emerging trends including--social, microlearning, gamification, and mobile trends you need to know before 2019.--In this session, you will--learn:----What general trends are being seen in the industry--Mobile trends you need to know--Trends for Generation Z--How to prepare for Generation Z--How to maximize the business impact of learning----Audience: --Intermediate to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Curtis J. Morley--President and Chief Growth Officer eLearning Brothers

SPEAKER_BIO:Curtis J. Morley is the president and chief growth officer of eLearning Brothers. Curtis founded several successful multimillion-dollar companies, which include the world’s first interactive digital sheet music company and an executive coaching company.",On the eLearning Horizon and Beyond - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELR202 Flip Learning Like a Rockstar!------------11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Rockstars Stage------------eLearning and instructor-led classroom training both have--inherent strengths and weaknesses. Why not take advantage of the best of both--worlds? --Join this session to explore a creative and flexible flipped--classroom approach you can bring back to your organization. Explore ways to add--interactivity and engagement to your learning using low-cost enhancements to--your existing courses. See how blending in eLearning Brothers Customizable--Courseware titles can help you build on the training you already have to create--a rockstar learning curriculum. --In this session, you--will learn:----The flipped classroom methodology--Instructional design strategies for a flipped--classroom--Easy, low-cost tips to increase engagement and--impact--How you can use Customizable Courseware in a--flipped classroom approach----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--eLearning Brothers Customizable Courseware, Adobe Captivate,--Lectora Publisher, and Articulate Storyline. ------------Chris Willis --Sr. Product Manager, Customizable Courseware eLearning Brothers--Chris Willis is a senior product manager of Customizable Courseware for eLearning Brothers. Previously, Chris founded and led Media 1, an award-winning eLearning firm. For more than 20 years, Chris performed a hands-on role designing and leading development of learning solutions for global enterprise businesses across a wide range of subjects and vertical industries. Chris has earned numerous recognitions for her personal leadership, the way she conducts business, and the work she produces. She is a regular conference presenter and author, published in Michael Allen’s eLearning Annual and David D’Souza’s This Time, It’s Personnel: Humane Resourced 2. ------<    
TIME:11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:eLearning and instructor-led classroom training both have--inherent strengths and weaknesses. Why not take advantage of the best of both--worlds? --Join this session to explore a creative and flexible flipped--classroom approach you can bring back to your organization. Explore ways to add--interactivity and engagement to your learning using low-cost enhancements to--your existing courses. See how blending in eLearning Brothers Customizable--Courseware titles can help you build on the training you already have to create--a rockstar learning curriculum. --In this session, you--will learn:----The flipped classroom methodology--Instructional design strategies for a flipped--classroom--Easy, low-cost tips to increase engagement and--impact--How you can use Customizable Courseware in a--flipped classroom approach----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--eLearning Brothers Customizable Courseware, Adobe Captivate,--Lectora Publisher, and Articulate Storyline.


SPEAKER_NAME:Chris Willis --Sr. Product Manager, Customizable Courseware eLearning Brothers"

SPEAKER_BIO:Chris Willis is a senior product manager of Customizable Courseware for eLearning Brothers. Previously, Chris founded and led Media 1, an award-winning eLearning firm. For more than 20 years, Chris performed a hands-on role designing and leading development of learning solutions for global enterprise businesses across a wide range of subjects and vertical industries. Chris has earned numerous recognitions for her personal leadership, the way she conducts business, and the work she produces. She is a regular conference presenter and author, published in Michael Allen’s eLearning Annual and David D’Souza’s This Time, It’s Personnel: Humane Resourced 2. ",Flip Learning Like a Rockstar! - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELR203 The Hero’s Journey: Exploring Elements in Learning Games------------12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Rockstars Stage------------This session will explore often-overlooked game elements--that focus on the story—the narrative—which can take surprisingly little time--to craft, but can make all the difference. You’ll explore a proven model with--examples that demonstrate these elements in detail. Core concepts from the hero’s--journey apply to all incredible stories—from Rocky Balboa to Indiana Jones, these--elements are the reason people care to dedicate their attention.--This session defines key elements of effective storytelling--popularized by Joseph Campbell in his 1949 work “The Hero with a Thousand Faces.”--Campbell was influenced by Carl Jung’s view of myth and the compelling nature--of stories that draw people into alternate realities where they ultimately--learn about themselves through protagonists and antagonists. Attendees will be--encouraged to “up their game” when it comes to learning games. Take the--narrative deeper, and leave behind uninspiring games that so often dominate the--landscape of learning. With just a bit more thought and creativity, online--learning games can become so much more.--In this session, you--will learn:----How to apply a proven model for effective game--elements that follows best practices for storytelling and narrative--How to challenge conventional thinking about--what makes a great game--How to design basic elements in your games to--elevate the immersion and engagement factors--How to evaluate game elements within the context--of the Hero’s Journey model----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers and developers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--Storyboarding, scripting, and eLearning authoring tools:--Articulate Storyline and Unity.------------Richard Vass--Director of Custom Solutions Strategies eLearning Brothers--Richard Vass is a co-founder and director of custom solutions strategies at eLearning Brothers. Richard is a dynamic, experienced consultant and professional facilitator with over 20 years’ experience in the field of human development. Prior to eLearning Brothers, Richard co-founded Impact Solutions, a professional learning services company. He has also worked as a national training and design manager for Discover Financial Services and Morgan Stanley MasterCard operations. Richard holds a CPLP credential and served as president of the Association of Talent Development (ATD) Utah chapter in 2011. He is active in local leadership and national learning strategy for ATD.------<    
TIME:12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:This session will explore often-overlooked game elements--that focus on the story—the narrative—which can take surprisingly little time--to craft, but can make all the difference. You’ll explore a proven model with--examples that demonstrate these elements in detail. Core concepts from the hero’s--journey apply to all incredible stories—from Rocky Balboa to Indiana Jones, these--elements are the reason people care to dedicate their attention.--This session defines key elements of effective storytelling--popularized by Joseph Campbell in his 1949 work “The Hero with a Thousand Faces.”--Campbell was influenced by Carl Jung’s view of myth and the compelling nature--of stories that draw people into alternate realities where they ultimately--learn about themselves through protagonists and antagonists. Attendees will be--encouraged to “up their game” when it comes to learning games. Take the--narrative deeper, and leave behind uninspiring games that so often dominate the--landscape of learning. With just a bit more thought and creativity, online--learning games can become so much more.--In this session, you--will learn:----How to apply a proven model for effective game--elements that follows best practices for storytelling and narrative--How to challenge conventional thinking about--what makes a great game--How to design basic elements in your games to--elevate the immersion and engagement factors--How to evaluate game elements within the context--of the Hero’s Journey model----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers and developers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--Storyboarding, scripting, and eLearning authoring tools:--Articulate Storyline and Unity.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Richard Vass--Director of Custom Solutions Strategies eLearning Brothers

SPEAKER_BIO:Richard Vass is a co-founder and director of custom solutions strategies at eLearning Brothers. Richard is a dynamic, experienced consultant and professional facilitator with over 20 years’ experience in the field of human development. Prior to eLearning Brothers, Richard co-founded Impact Solutions, a professional learning services company. He has also worked as a national training and design manager for Discover Financial Services and Morgan Stanley MasterCard operations. Richard holds a CPLP credential and served as president of the Association of Talent Development (ATD) Utah chapter in 2011. He is active in local leadership and national learning strategy for ATD.",The Hero’s Journey: Exploring Elements in Learning Games - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELR204 Getting Started with xAPI in Rapid Authoring Tools------------1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Rockstars Stage------------The whole industry seems excited about xAPI. It’s a spectacular--option for gaining deep insights into learner actions—or opening up the learning--environment entirely. Exciting stuff indeed. Getting excited is easy; getting started--is another story. How do you get started with xAPI? How can you use the rapid authoring--tools you’re already familiar with to tap into the reporting potential of xAPI?--This session will look at how the big three rapid authoring tools--handle xAPI. It will start with a very brief xAPI introduction. Then, you’ll take--a deep dive into each tool: how Storyline, Captivate, and Lectora work with out-of-the-box--statements; how to send custom statements with each tool; and constructing a launch--path and testing xAPI statements.--In this session, you will--learn:----How Storyline, Captivate, and Lectora handle--out-of-the-box xAPI statements--How Storyline, Captivate, and Lectora handle custom--xAPI statements--How to construct an xAPI launch path--How to get and use a better-than-free LRS for xAPI--testing----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--xAPI, Articulate Storyline 3 and 360, Adobe Captivate 2017, Lectora--Inspire 17, and LRS/ScormCloud.------------Bill Milstid--Sr. Designer/Developer eLearning Brothers--Bill Milstid, a senior designer/developer at eLearning Brothers, has worked in the eLearning industry for roughly a decade in various roles on both the instructional design and development side. He is part of eLearning Brothers’ template division, where he spends most of his days troubleshooting new and exciting ways to help awesome folks build awesome things.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:The whole industry seems excited about xAPI. It’s a spectacular--option for gaining deep insights into learner actions—or opening up the learning--environment entirely. Exciting stuff indeed. Getting excited is easy; getting started--is another story. How do you get started with xAPI? How can you use the rapid authoring--tools you’re already familiar with to tap into the reporting potential of xAPI?--This session will look at how the big three rapid authoring tools--handle xAPI. It will start with a very brief xAPI introduction. Then, you’ll take--a deep dive into each tool: how Storyline, Captivate, and Lectora work with out-of-the-box--statements; how to send custom statements with each tool; and constructing a launch--path and testing xAPI statements.--In this session, you will--learn:----How Storyline, Captivate, and Lectora handle--out-of-the-box xAPI statements--How Storyline, Captivate, and Lectora handle custom--xAPI statements--How to construct an xAPI launch path--How to get and use a better-than-free LRS for xAPI--testing----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers and developers.--Technology discussed in--this session:--xAPI, Articulate Storyline 3 and 360, Adobe Captivate 2017, Lectora--Inspire 17, and LRS/ScormCloud.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Bill Milstid--Sr. Designer/Developer eLearning Brothers

SPEAKER_BIO:Bill Milstid, a senior designer/developer at eLearning Brothers, has worked in the eLearning industry for roughly a decade in various roles on both the instructional design and development side. He is part of eLearning Brothers’ template division, where he spends most of his days troubleshooting new and exciting ways to help awesome folks build awesome things.",Getting Started with xAPI in Rapid Authoring Tools - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELR205 Half the Work for Twice the Results------------2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Rockstars Stage------------With so many options at your fingertips, it’s easy to spend--hours and hours wading through countless images, backgrounds, interactions, and--templates. It can seem overwhelming and bottomless. If you aren’t careful, you--can get distracted and lose focus. --eLearning Brothers has completely revamped its search features,--template designs, display layouts, Customizable Courseware offering, and--everything else. Creating rockstar content is even easier than before! Come hear--about the exciting changes eLearning Brothers has rolled out. --In this session, you--will learn:----What eLearning Brothers has been working on for--the past year--How eLearning Brothers has improved user--experience--Where eLearning Brothers is headed in the future--How you can build better courses with half the--work----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--eLearning Brothers Library.------------Andrew Scivally--CEO and Founder eLearning Brothers--Andrew Scivally is a co-founder of eLearning Brothers. He helps companies --create engaging, interactive, and inspiring eLearning content. Prior to --eLearning Brothers, he worked at JPMorganChase and Zions Bank, where he --managed learning and development teams and built online learning content. --Andrew holds a BA degree in communications from Southern Utah University --and an MS degree in computer education from the University of North Texas.------<    
TIME:2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:With so many options at your fingertips, it’s easy to spend--hours and hours wading through countless images, backgrounds, interactions, and--templates. It can seem overwhelming and bottomless. If you aren’t careful, you--can get distracted and lose focus. --eLearning Brothers has completely revamped its search features,--template designs, display layouts, Customizable Courseware offering, and--everything else. Creating rockstar content is even easier than before! Come hear--about the exciting changes eLearning Brothers has rolled out. --In this session, you--will learn:----What eLearning Brothers has been working on for--the past year--How eLearning Brothers has improved user--experience--Where eLearning Brothers is headed in the future--How you can build better courses with half the--work----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--eLearning Brothers Library.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Andrew Scivally--CEO and Founder eLearning Brothers

SPEAKER_BIO:Andrew Scivally is a co-founder of eLearning Brothers. He helps companies --create engaging, interactive, and inspiring eLearning content. Prior to --eLearning Brothers, he worked at JPMorganChase and Zions Bank, where he --managed learning and development teams and built online learning content. --Andrew holds a BA degree in communications from Southern Utah University --and an MS degree in computer education from the University of North Texas.",Half the Work for Twice the Results - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELT101 Case Study: Engaging Students with Branching Scenarios------------10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Tools Stage------------Is your online training boring? Are you having engagement issues?--Are your learners not passing their training? There is a problem these days—learners--prefer online training, but budgets are low and training is often dry, making--it hard to stay engaged. But even with online training, the learner is often alone,--not stimulated by other people around them. Distractions are easy and infinite with--social media, smartphones, and the internet at your fingertips.--In this case study, KnowledgeOne and iSpring will guide you through--different examples of branching scenarios, as well as different techniques to apply--to your online training programs to connect further with your audience. It’s--important to engage audiences, but it is not always easy to do, depending on the--content of your training. View different examples of how you can apply branching--scenarios to your learning, as well as use videos, quizzes, and gamification to--further entrance your learners.--In this session, you will--learn:----About best practices for engaging your audiences--with eLearning training--About different types of branching scenarios using--iSpring Suite 9--About analyzing and conceptualizing content for eLearning--output --From examples of real branching scenarios created--this year----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, content strategists,--instructional designers, storyboarders, content creators, integrators, and--production.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Microsoft PowerPoint, iSpring--Suite, and Audacity.------------Michael Cerantola--Integration Manager Knowledge One--Michael Cerantola is an integration manager at Knowledge One. He began working in the eLearning world while Flash still reigned supreme. With the gradual demise of Flash over recent years (and its inevitable phase-out), Mike has spent years converting legacy content to display in HTML5 browsers. Working through custom designs, rapid authoring tools, and audio/visual, Mike has faced challenges including browser display inconsistencies and optimization for mobile data plans, all while keeping the source document editable for clients. It became clear to him that PowerPoint plus a rapid authoring tool was the arsenal of choice to keep production costs low while staying profitable. ------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Is your online training boring? Are you having engagement issues?--Are your learners not passing their training? There is a problem these days—learners--prefer online training, but budgets are low and training is often dry, making--it hard to stay engaged. But even with online training, the learner is often alone,--not stimulated by other people around them. Distractions are easy and infinite with--social media, smartphones, and the internet at your fingertips.--In this case study, KnowledgeOne and iSpring will guide you through--different examples of branching scenarios, as well as different techniques to apply--to your online training programs to connect further with your audience. It’s--important to engage audiences, but it is not always easy to do, depending on the--content of your training. View different examples of how you can apply branching--scenarios to your learning, as well as use videos, quizzes, and gamification to--further entrance your learners.--In this session, you will--learn:----About best practices for engaging your audiences--with eLearning training--About different types of branching scenarios using--iSpring Suite 9--About analyzing and conceptualizing content for eLearning--output --From examples of real branching scenarios created--this year----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, content strategists,--instructional designers, storyboarders, content creators, integrators, and--production.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Microsoft PowerPoint, iSpring--Suite, and Audacity.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Michael Cerantola--Integration Manager Knowledge One

SPEAKER_BIO:Michael Cerantola is an integration manager at Knowledge One. He began working in the eLearning world while Flash still reigned supreme. With the gradual demise of Flash over recent years (and its inevitable phase-out), Mike has spent years converting legacy content to display in HTML5 browsers. Working through custom designs, rapid authoring tools, and audio/visual, Mike has faced challenges including browser display inconsistencies and optimization for mobile data plans, all while keeping the source document editable for clients. It became clear to him that PowerPoint plus a rapid authoring tool was the arsenal of choice to keep production costs low while staying profitable. ",Case Study: Engaging Students with Branching Scenarios - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELT102 Quit Clowning Around: The Content Matters------------11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Tools Stage------------Yesterday’s employees view development and training as an isolated--activity outside their daily routine, but today’s employees are pushing organizations--into uncharted territory where informal, engaging, interactive eLearning must be--incorporated into their lives when and where they need it. Most employees don’t--have the time to click through slides or courses that are not engaging or interactive,--but how do you take your legacy content and reimagine it quickly? --In this session, you’ll learn the four basic instructional design--theories of sound digital content development. You’ll explore how to apply each--theory to engaging interactive material using a humorous real-world case study.--You’ll leave this session with a renewed focus on how to take your legacy content--and turn it into an engaging digital training program that not only engages the--learner but produces successful outcomes for your organization.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to both meet employees’ needs and keep your organization--relevant and successful by employing a new set of instructional design tools and--learning methodologies--Proven techniques for taking your 20th-century--content into the 21st century--How to curate new content and tap into the informal--learning space--How to harness new and existing tools to deliver--a continuous, personalized learning experience that is relevant and provided at--the point of need----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).------------Shawn Burson--Manager, Instructional Design knowbly--Shawn Burson is a manager of instructional design at knowbly. He has over 15 years of experience planning and building interactive learning content and interactive templates. After almost a decade of managing a global team of instructional designers in a university setting, he came to the knowbly team in 2013 to lead the transformation of learning material to digital for clients such as Microsoft, National Geographic Learning, Arvato, and Pearson Nursing and Workforce Readiness.------<    
TIME:11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Yesterday’s employees view development and training as an isolated--activity outside their daily routine, but today’s employees are pushing organizations--into uncharted territory where informal, engaging, interactive eLearning must be--incorporated into their lives when and where they need it. Most employees don’t--have the time to click through slides or courses that are not engaging or interactive,--but how do you take your legacy content and reimagine it quickly? --In this session, you’ll learn the four basic instructional design--theories of sound digital content development. You’ll explore how to apply each--theory to engaging interactive material using a humorous real-world case study.--You’ll leave this session with a renewed focus on how to take your legacy content--and turn it into an engaging digital training program that not only engages the--learner but produces successful outcomes for your organization.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to both meet employees’ needs and keep your organization--relevant and successful by employing a new set of instructional design tools and--learning methodologies--Proven techniques for taking your 20th-century--content into the 21st century--How to curate new content and tap into the informal--learning space--How to harness new and existing tools to deliver--a continuous, personalized learning experience that is relevant and provided at--the point of need----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).


SPEAKER_NAME:Shawn Burson--Manager, Instructional Design knowbly"

SPEAKER_BIO:Shawn Burson is a manager of instructional design at knowbly. He has over 15 years of experience planning and building interactive learning content and interactive templates. After almost a decade of managing a global team of instructional designers in a university setting, he came to the knowbly team in 2013 to lead the transformation of learning material to digital for clients such as Microsoft, National Geographic Learning, Arvato, and Pearson Nursing and Workforce Readiness.",Quit Clowning Around: The Content Matters - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELT103 6 Ways Every Learning Leader Should Be Using Video------------12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Tools Stage------------Melissa is a rising star at your company. She’s been--promoted five times in as many years, and is on track to join your leadership--bench program. Unfortunately, she just gave her two weeks’ notice. Capturing--the knowledge of exiting employees is just one of the ways you could be using--video but probably aren’t. Join this session to explore six real examples of--how companies are improving their learning strategies with video. You’ll also--explore trends driving the use of video, and how you can tap them within your--business. --This session will identify six novel and uncommon ways--L&D teams can use video for employee training and communications, based on--real examples from companies like Qualcomm, Siemens, Tableau Software, Perkins--Coie, and more. You’ll also hear about five technology and social trends that--are making video more available and expected among your employees, no matter--how much (or how little) you’ve been using video to date.--In this session, you--will learn:----New ways to use video to create and curate--formal learning opportunities--New ways to implement video to support and scale--informal learning initiatives at all levels of the organization--About technology shifts that are making video--more accessible to all employees--How Millennials’ learning experiences in college--will accelerate the use of video in business----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, senior--leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.), and anyone convinced they could be getting--more value out of video.--Technology discussed--in this session:--Video storage and streaming, video content search, and video--recording.-- ------------Steve Rozillis--Head of Customer Evangelism Panopto--Steve Rozillis is part of the team at Panopto, helping L&D professionals to convert general interest in video into concrete, practical applications for video-enabled training, communications, social learning, and knowledge management programs. He is a graduate of the University of Michigan and Duquesne University. A father of two children under 8, his hobbies today include a surprising number of arts and crafts projects.------<    
TIME:12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Melissa is a rising star at your company. She’s been--promoted five times in as many years, and is on track to join your leadership--bench program. Unfortunately, she just gave her two weeks’ notice. Capturing--the knowledge of exiting employees is just one of the ways you could be using--video but probably aren’t. Join this session to explore six real examples of--how companies are improving their learning strategies with video. You’ll also--explore trends driving the use of video, and how you can tap them within your--business. --This session will identify six novel and uncommon ways--L&D teams can use video for employee training and communications, based on--real examples from companies like Qualcomm, Siemens, Tableau Software, Perkins--Coie, and more. You’ll also hear about five technology and social trends that--are making video more available and expected among your employees, no matter--how much (or how little) you’ve been using video to date.--In this session, you--will learn:----New ways to use video to create and curate--formal learning opportunities--New ways to implement video to support and scale--informal learning initiatives at all levels of the organization--About technology shifts that are making video--more accessible to all employees--How Millennials’ learning experiences in college--will accelerate the use of video in business----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, senior--leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.), and anyone convinced they could be getting--more value out of video.--Technology discussed--in this session:--Video storage and streaming, video content search, and video--recording.-- ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Steve Rozillis--Head of Customer Evangelism Panopto

SPEAKER_BIO:Steve Rozillis is part of the team at Panopto, helping L&D professionals to convert general interest in video into concrete, practical applications for video-enabled training, communications, social learning, and knowledge management programs. He is a graduate of the University of Michigan and Duquesne University. A father of two children under 8, his hobbies today include a surprising number of arts and crafts projects.",6 Ways Every Learning Leader Should Be Using Video - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELT104 Creating Motion Graphic Videos in Articulate Storyline ------------1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Tools Stage------------The idea of creating motion graphics in programs such as Adobe--After Effects can be daunting, time consuming, and expensive—but it doesn’t--have to be! If you have Articulate Storyline, you have the power to create--memorable motion graphic videos that are quick and inexpensive to produce. --In this session, you’ll learn how to plan, organize, design, and--quickly develop a motion graphic video utilizing Articulate Storyline and a--free audio editing program called Audacity. These simple yet compelling videos--are a wonderful way to tell stories and appeal to both visual and auditory--learners. Get tips and guidance on how to get started making your own motion--graphic videos today! Topics discussed will include script writing and--storyboard planning, audio editing tools, animation and motion features in--Storyline, how to structure your Storyline layers and timelines, and publishing--your video. --In--this session, you will learn:----How to plan a script/storyboard for a--motion graphic video--Tips on organizing content within--Storyline to make for quicker and easier editing and animating--How to utilize Audacity (freeware--audio editing) when building motion graphic videos--How to use motion paths and animation--effects in Storyline to bring your story to life----Audience:----Designers and developers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--Articulate Storyline2/360, Audacity, Adobe Premiere, screen--capture software, Vimeo/Youtube. ------------Jackie Morrow--Sr. Change & Training Specialist  REI--Jackie Morrow is a senior change and training specialist for REI. Prior to that she spent six years as an eLearning and media specialist for Nordstrom HQ in Seattle. She has more than 15 years of experience with graphic design, animation, eLearning, video production, gamification, and UX design. Jackie’s passion is making complex concepts digestible for users by utilizing storytelling, visual design and multimedia. She holds a master’s degree in the communication of digital media from the University of Washington and has a bachelor’s degree in visual communication.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:The idea of creating motion graphics in programs such as Adobe--After Effects can be daunting, time consuming, and expensive—but it doesn’t--have to be! If you have Articulate Storyline, you have the power to create--memorable motion graphic videos that are quick and inexpensive to produce. --In this session, you’ll learn how to plan, organize, design, and--quickly develop a motion graphic video utilizing Articulate Storyline and a--free audio editing program called Audacity. These simple yet compelling videos--are a wonderful way to tell stories and appeal to both visual and auditory--learners. Get tips and guidance on how to get started making your own motion--graphic videos today! Topics discussed will include script writing and--storyboard planning, audio editing tools, animation and motion features in--Storyline, how to structure your Storyline layers and timelines, and publishing--your video. --In--this session, you will learn:----How to plan a script/storyboard for a--motion graphic video--Tips on organizing content within--Storyline to make for quicker and easier editing and animating--How to utilize Audacity (freeware--audio editing) when building motion graphic videos--How to use motion paths and animation--effects in Storyline to bring your story to life----Audience:----Designers and developers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--Articulate Storyline2/360, Audacity, Adobe Premiere, screen--capture software, Vimeo/Youtube. ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jackie Morrow--Sr. Change & Training Specialist  REI

SPEAKER_BIO:Jackie Morrow is a senior change and training specialist for REI. Prior to that she spent six years as an eLearning and media specialist for Nordstrom HQ in Seattle. She has more than 15 years of experience with graphic design, animation, eLearning, video production, gamification, and UX design. Jackie’s passion is making complex concepts digestible for users by utilizing storytelling, visual design and multimedia. She holds a master’s degree in the communication of digital media from the University of Washington and has a bachelor’s degree in visual communication.",Creating Motion Graphic Videos in Articulate Storyline - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELT105 Deliver High-Impact Training with Video------------2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Tools Stage------------Technology is driving every aspect of business, and learning--is no exception. Driven by an always-on, mobile culture, learners today have an--“instant gratification” mindset and are easily distracted by email pings, text--message buzzes, and fitness tracker updates. For instructional designers and--other eLearning pros, this means every second counts when fighting for--attention, focus, and retention. How do you arrest attention away from everyday--distractions and deliver engaging content?--Video is a catalyst for engagement. Studies show that adding--video to your content improves the ability to remember concepts and details--with effects that increase over time. Plus, your audience prefers video over--static content like slide decks—it’s simply more interesting. In this session,--you’ll learn how to move from static presentations to video. You’ll find out how--to boil your subject matter down to its key components, approach story and--dialogue writing, and reimagine your content as video. Learn to use the power--of dynamic visual elements, sound effects, and music to captivate your audience--and drive your message home.--In this session, you--will learn:----How to develop compelling stories and scenarios--that hold learners’ attention--How to write realistic-sounding dialogue that--supports your learning objectives--How to visualize your ideas in a storyboard--How to build a complete animated video from--start to finish----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Vyond Studio. ------------Chet Parmar----------<    
TIME:2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Technology is driving every aspect of business, and learning--is no exception. Driven by an always-on, mobile culture, learners today have an--“instant gratification” mindset and are easily distracted by email pings, text--message buzzes, and fitness tracker updates. For instructional designers and--other eLearning pros, this means every second counts when fighting for--attention, focus, and retention. How do you arrest attention away from everyday--distractions and deliver engaging content?--Video is a catalyst for engagement. Studies show that adding--video to your content improves the ability to remember concepts and details--with effects that increase over time. Plus, your audience prefers video over--static content like slide decks—it’s simply more interesting. In this session,--you’ll learn how to move from static presentations to video. You’ll find out how--to boil your subject matter down to its key components, approach story and--dialogue writing, and reimagine your content as video. Learn to use the power--of dynamic visual elements, sound effects, and music to captivate your audience--and drive your message home.--In this session, you--will learn:----How to develop compelling stories and scenarios--that hold learners’ attention--How to write realistic-sounding dialogue that--supports your learning objectives--How to visualize your ideas in a storyboard--How to build a complete animated video from--start to finish----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Vyond Studio. ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Chet Parmar--,
SPEAKER_BIO:,Deliver High-Impact Training with Video - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELT106 Simplifying the Creation and Delivery of eLearning------------3:15 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Tools Stage------------eLearning has traditionally been overly complex. Learning--management systems are clunky and hard to use. eLearning content must be created--by experts, meaning that the turnaround time for creating content is extensive,--with trainers unable to edit and update content with ease. As a result, trainers--often resort to “boring” training resources, such as PDFs, Word docs, and videos.--The result is a repetitive learning experience and a disengaged learner.--This session will explain the process behind building a tool--that anybody can use to create and deliver engaging online training. It will break down eLearning creation and delivery into--its fundamental parts, identifying the pain points of traditional eLearning and--pinpointing the key areas of need for the eLearning space.--You’ll then examine how to rebuild an eLearning platform in its simplest form, stripping--away unnecessary complexity and creating a tool that’s accessible at any skill level.--You’ll explore the step-by-step process of creating an intuitive UX and UI experience--based on the psychological principles of learning, for both the trainer and trainee.--In this session, you will--learn:----How reducing the complexity of eLearning tools can--lead to an enhanced learning experience, better training outcomes, and ROI --Why simplifying the trainer experience can directly--impact learner outcomes--The pedagogical theory that informs tool design and--product management--The step-by-step process behind refactoring the UX--design of a tool----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--eCoach.------------Jude Novak--Founder, CPO eCoach--Jude Novak is the founder and CPO of eCoach. Jude graduated from the University of Newcastle, Australia, with a bachelor’s in communication. After founding a web design agency and working closely with Sydney’s top advertising agencies, Jude began developing interactive resources in the nascent online education sector, co-founding INKids Education to build applications for school children. Jude went on to work with Samsung and Apple to create educational apps, designing and building applications that were downloaded millions of times globally. With 15 years’ experience in eLearning, Jude founded eCoach, an online training platform that allows anyone to easily create and deliver training online.------<    
TIME:3:15 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:eLearning has traditionally been overly complex. Learning--management systems are clunky and hard to use. eLearning content must be created--by experts, meaning that the turnaround time for creating content is extensive,--with trainers unable to edit and update content with ease. As a result, trainers--often resort to “boring” training resources, such as PDFs, Word docs, and videos.--The result is a repetitive learning experience and a disengaged learner.--This session will explain the process behind building a tool--that anybody can use to create and deliver engaging online training. It will break down eLearning creation and delivery into--its fundamental parts, identifying the pain points of traditional eLearning and--pinpointing the key areas of need for the eLearning space.--You’ll then examine how to rebuild an eLearning platform in its simplest form, stripping--away unnecessary complexity and creating a tool that’s accessible at any skill level.--You’ll explore the step-by-step process of creating an intuitive UX and UI experience--based on the psychological principles of learning, for both the trainer and trainee.--In this session, you will--learn:----How reducing the complexity of eLearning tools can--lead to an enhanced learning experience, better training outcomes, and ROI --Why simplifying the trainer experience can directly--impact learner outcomes--The pedagogical theory that informs tool design and--product management--The step-by-step process behind refactoring the UX--design of a tool----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--eCoach.


SPEAKER_NAME:Jude Novak--Founder, CPO eCoach"

SPEAKER_BIO:Jude Novak is the founder and CPO of eCoach. Jude graduated from the University of Newcastle, Australia, with a bachelor’s in communication. After founding a web design agency and working closely with Sydney’s top advertising agencies, Jude began developing interactive resources in the nascent online education sector, co-founding INKids Education to build applications for school children. Jude went on to work with Samsung and Apple to create educational apps, designing and building applications that were downloaded millions of times globally. With 15 years’ experience in eLearning, Jude founded eCoach, an online training platform that allows anyone to easily create and deliver training online.",Simplifying the Creation and Delivery of eLearning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELT201 Effective Microlearning in Record Time with PowerPoint and iSpring------------10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Tools Stage------------Learners don’t always want to sit through a formal training course,--and they often simply don’t have the time. Microlearning is a great way to deliver--just what people need, when they need it, to maximize effectiveness. But, as a learning--professional, how do you create it?--This session looks at the principles supporting microlearning--best practices, taking into account the wide range of devices that people use to--access microlearning, including traditional laptops and mobile devices. You’ll--explore practical techniques to create microlearning content quickly and easily--using PowerPoint and iSpring. You’ll be amazed at the way you can use these industry-standard--tools to deliver visual content with animations and rich media—and export it to--video or HTML5 for easy distribution, in isolation or through your LMS. Learn--how to make your microlearning an effective tool that your learners will be delighted--with.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to capture your audience’s attention and maximize--their retention of information in a tiny amount of time--How to create effective microlearning incorporating--compelling visuals, engaging animation, and impactful multimedia--How to use PowerPoint to create your dynamic, visual--microlearning quickly and easily--How to output to video or HTML5 for easy distribution----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, developers, and anyone who--uses PowerPoint and wants to unveil its power.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Microsoft PowerPoint, iSpring Converter, and iSpring Suite.------------Richard Goring--Director BrightCarbon--Richard Goring is a director at BrightCarbon, the specialist presentation and eLearning agency. He has helped to create thousands of presentations and coached hundreds of teams to present more effectively using visuals, diagrams, and animated sequences. He is passionate about improving the way that people present, and he believes that anyone can deliver a great presentation if given the right techniques and a bit of practice.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Learners don’t always want to sit through a formal training course,--and they often simply don’t have the time. Microlearning is a great way to deliver--just what people need, when they need it, to maximize effectiveness. But, as a learning--professional, how do you create it?--This session looks at the principles supporting microlearning--best practices, taking into account the wide range of devices that people use to--access microlearning, including traditional laptops and mobile devices. You’ll--explore practical techniques to create microlearning content quickly and easily--using PowerPoint and iSpring. You’ll be amazed at the way you can use these industry-standard--tools to deliver visual content with animations and rich media—and export it to--video or HTML5 for easy distribution, in isolation or through your LMS. Learn--how to make your microlearning an effective tool that your learners will be delighted--with.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to capture your audience’s attention and maximize--their retention of information in a tiny amount of time--How to create effective microlearning incorporating--compelling visuals, engaging animation, and impactful multimedia--How to use PowerPoint to create your dynamic, visual--microlearning quickly and easily--How to output to video or HTML5 for easy distribution----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, developers, and anyone who--uses PowerPoint and wants to unveil its power.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Microsoft PowerPoint, iSpring Converter, and iSpring Suite.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Richard Goring--Director BrightCarbon

SPEAKER_BIO:Richard Goring is a director at BrightCarbon, the specialist presentation and eLearning agency. He has helped to create thousands of presentations and coached hundreds of teams to present more effectively using visuals, diagrams, and animated sequences. He is passionate about improving the way that people present, and he believes that anyone can deliver a great presentation if given the right techniques and a bit of practice.",Effective Microlearning in Record Time with PowerPoint and iSpring - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELT202 Did They Learn It? Do They Know It? Can They Do It?------------11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Tools Stage------------Did they learn it? Do they know it? Can they do it? Most organizations--use assessments as part of talent development initiatives, promotions, compliance,--onboarding, or recruitment. The stakes are substantial: Decisions made based on--the results can impact both the reputation and financial well-being of the organization,--as well as the lives of its employees.--Well-crafted assessments (tests, quizzes, and exams) provide--valuable data for evaluating and documenting the impact of your learning programs.--Assessment results you can trust enable you to make powerful, informed, defensible--business decisions. Join this session for a deep dive into all things assessment--to ensure your programs are having the most impact. You will learn strategies for--developing assessments that are both valid (they measure the right knowledge, skills,--or competencies) and reliable (they are consistent in the measurement) to provide--stakeholders with actionable, defensible results for informed decision-making.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to distinguish between different types and uses--of assessments--About reliability and validity--How to analyze and interpret results--How to improve the effectiveness of questions and--assessments--How to use assessments for improved learning outcomes----Audience: --Novice to advanced managers and senior leaders (VP, CLO, executive,--etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Questionmark OnDemand.------------Julie Sherman--Business Development Director Questionmark--Julie Sherman is a business development director at Questionmark and works with Questionmark’s global corporate clients to support their unique assessment initiatives, helping them to implement reliable and trustworthy assessments that result in breakthrough learning and the support of their overall business objectives. Julie has over 10 years of experience in the eLearning space and knows that the cornerstone of successful learning and performance is the effective use of assessments. Julie takes great pride in helping organizations prove the success of their training programs through assessment management.------<    
TIME:11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Did they learn it? Do they know it? Can they do it? Most organizations--use assessments as part of talent development initiatives, promotions, compliance,--onboarding, or recruitment. The stakes are substantial: Decisions made based on--the results can impact both the reputation and financial well-being of the organization,--as well as the lives of its employees.--Well-crafted assessments (tests, quizzes, and exams) provide--valuable data for evaluating and documenting the impact of your learning programs.--Assessment results you can trust enable you to make powerful, informed, defensible--business decisions. Join this session for a deep dive into all things assessment--to ensure your programs are having the most impact. You will learn strategies for--developing assessments that are both valid (they measure the right knowledge, skills,--or competencies) and reliable (they are consistent in the measurement) to provide--stakeholders with actionable, defensible results for informed decision-making.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to distinguish between different types and uses--of assessments--About reliability and validity--How to analyze and interpret results--How to improve the effectiveness of questions and--assessments--How to use assessments for improved learning outcomes----Audience: --Novice to advanced managers and senior leaders (VP, CLO, executive,--etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Questionmark OnDemand.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Julie Sherman--Business Development Director Questionmark

SPEAKER_BIO:Julie Sherman is a business development director at Questionmark and works with Questionmark’s global corporate clients to support their unique assessment initiatives, helping them to implement reliable and trustworthy assessments that result in breakthrough learning and the support of their overall business objectives. Julie has over 10 years of experience in the eLearning space and knows that the cornerstone of successful learning and performance is the effective use of assessments. Julie takes great pride in helping organizations prove the success of their training programs through assessment management.",Did They Learn It? Do They Know It? Can They Do It? - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELT203 How Organizations Create and Deliver eLearning at Scale------------12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Tools Stage------------This session will look at the eight big challenges that gomo’s--global customers have highlighted when developing and delivering eLearning at scale.----These challenges include effective teamwork, design consistency,--rolling out global branding and design changes, ease of use for subject matter experts,--getting courses quickly and easily into an LMS, updating content when it’s live--in an LMS, reaching learners via non-LMS routes, and reaching learners on any device.----In this session, you will--learn:----How global teams can work together effectively--How to ensure design consistency--How to roll out global branding and design updates--in seconds--How ease of use allows subject matter experts to--use an authoring tool--How to get courses quickly and easily into an LMS--How to instantly update content when it’s live in--an LMS--How to reach learners via non-LMS routes--How to reach learners on any device with the rise--of smartphones and BYOD policies----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--The gomo learning suite.------------Mike Alcock--Managing Director gomo learning--Michael Alcock, a managing director with gomo learning limited, is responsible for global day-to-day operations, company strategy, UK and worldwide sales, product development, and global marketing. At gomo, Mike took an existing HTML5-based framework and commercialized it to create the next generation of cloud-based authoring tools. Mike has launched two award-winning eLearning authoring tools: Atlantic Link in 2003 and gomo learning in 2014. His work with these tools has resulted in more than 30 awards, including multiple Best of ELearning! and Brandon Hall Gold awards, earning global recognition for both companies.------<    
TIME:12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:This session will look at the eight big challenges that gomo’s--global customers have highlighted when developing and delivering eLearning at scale.----These challenges include effective teamwork, design consistency,--rolling out global branding and design changes, ease of use for subject matter experts,--getting courses quickly and easily into an LMS, updating content when it’s live--in an LMS, reaching learners via non-LMS routes, and reaching learners on any device.----In this session, you will--learn:----How global teams can work together effectively--How to ensure design consistency--How to roll out global branding and design updates--in seconds--How ease of use allows subject matter experts to--use an authoring tool--How to get courses quickly and easily into an LMS--How to instantly update content when it’s live in--an LMS--How to reach learners via non-LMS routes--How to reach learners on any device with the rise--of smartphones and BYOD policies----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--The gomo learning suite.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Mike Alcock--Managing Director gomo learning

SPEAKER_BIO:Michael Alcock, a managing director with gomo learning limited, is responsible for global day-to-day operations, company strategy, UK and worldwide sales, product development, and global marketing. At gomo, Mike took an existing HTML5-based framework and commercialized it to create the next generation of cloud-based authoring tools. Mike has launched two award-winning eLearning authoring tools: Atlantic Link in 2003 and gomo learning in 2014. His work with these tools has resulted in more than 30 awards, including multiple Best of ELearning! and Brandon Hall Gold awards, earning global recognition for both companies.",How Organizations Create and Deliver eLearning at Scale - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELT204 Creating Simulated Animation in Adobe Presenter------------1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Tools Stage------------Software and system simulations created in tools such as Captivate--are a great way to engage learners and provide visual demonstrations. But when--developer access to live systems is limited or system updates are frequent,--creating and maintaining such simulations can be time-consuming and difficult. But--what if there was a way to simulate simulation?--Creating the illusion of a simulation using PowerPoint and the--Adobe Presenter plug-in is not only a viable solution, but in many cases may be--a better solution in terms of both creation and maintenance. In this session,--you will explore how to build a simulation using screenshots, PowerPoint--animation, and the Adobe Presenter plug-in. Narrating and publishing Presenter--files will also be demonstrated.--In--this session, you will learn:----How to create the illusion of a--simulation video--Tips for creating realistic demos--How to sync audio and animation--Publishing settings and how to use--them----Audience:----Designers and developers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--PowerPoint, Adobe Presenter.------------Dona Parker--Instructional Designer Ally--------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Software and system simulations created in tools such as Captivate--are a great way to engage learners and provide visual demonstrations. But when--developer access to live systems is limited or system updates are frequent,--creating and maintaining such simulations can be time-consuming and difficult. But--what if there was a way to simulate simulation?--Creating the illusion of a simulation using PowerPoint and the--Adobe Presenter plug-in is not only a viable solution, but in many cases may be--a better solution in terms of both creation and maintenance. In this session,--you will explore how to build a simulation using screenshots, PowerPoint--animation, and the Adobe Presenter plug-in. Narrating and publishing Presenter--files will also be demonstrated.--In--this session, you will learn:----How to create the illusion of a--simulation video--Tips for creating realistic demos--How to sync audio and animation--Publishing settings and how to use--them----Audience:----Designers and developers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--PowerPoint, Adobe Presenter.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Dona Parker--Instructional Designer Ally,
SPEAKER_BIO:,Creating Simulated Animation in Adobe Presenter - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SELT205 Beyond Buzzwords: Boosting Performance Using Microlearning and Gamification------------2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: eLearning Tools Stage------------Traditional eLearning receives very little employee attention.--In fact, extremely low (2 – 20 percent) completion rates for ongoing--training are common in the industry. Learners often dislike eLearning and avoid--it as much as they can. It is clear that a fundamental shift in eLearning is needed--to increase employee engagement, enhance learning, and improve performance.--In this session, you will experience two of the fastest-growing--trends increasing the effectiveness of eLearning: microlearning and gamification.--Both concepts are often misused and do not produce the desired outcomes. However,--you will learn a six-factor model of eLearning engagement and how to implement it--in your organization to produce real performance improvement. You will see the results--that other companies have achieved using this approach. --In this session, you will--learn:----What microlearning and gamification really are (hint:--probably not what you think)--What makes the difference between “cute” and “effective”--when it comes to eLearning --How to link learning and performance in a way that--produces measurable business results--Six specific steps you can take in your organization--right now to start implementing microlearning and gamification----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Gameffective screenshots will be shared to demonstrate the concepts--presented.-- ------------Eyal Ronen--Chief Learning Evangelist Gameffective--Eyal Ronen is the chief learning evangelist at Gameffective. With a PhD in industrial and organizational psychology, Eyal has been focusing on the training and development world for more than two decades. In recent years, he has taken a path that investigates and reinforces the human-machine interface to ensure superior eLearning efficacy. An award-winning professor, international speaker, and true learning evangelist, Eyal brings a practical approach even to the most academic topics.------<    
TIME:2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Traditional eLearning receives very little employee attention.--In fact, extremely low (2 – 20 percent) completion rates for ongoing--training are common in the industry. Learners often dislike eLearning and avoid--it as much as they can. It is clear that a fundamental shift in eLearning is needed--to increase employee engagement, enhance learning, and improve performance.--In this session, you will experience two of the fastest-growing--trends increasing the effectiveness of eLearning: microlearning and gamification.--Both concepts are often misused and do not produce the desired outcomes. However,--you will learn a six-factor model of eLearning engagement and how to implement it--in your organization to produce real performance improvement. You will see the results--that other companies have achieved using this approach. --In this session, you will--learn:----What microlearning and gamification really are (hint:--probably not what you think)--What makes the difference between “cute” and “effective”--when it comes to eLearning --How to link learning and performance in a way that--produces measurable business results--Six specific steps you can take in your organization--right now to start implementing microlearning and gamification----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Gameffective screenshots will be shared to demonstrate the concepts--presented.-- ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Eyal Ronen--Chief Learning Evangelist Gameffective

SPEAKER_BIO:Eyal Ronen is the chief learning evangelist at Gameffective. With a PhD in industrial and organizational psychology, Eyal has been focusing on the training and development world for more than two decades. In recent years, he has taken a path that investigates and reinforces the human-machine interface to ensure superior eLearning efficacy. An award-winning professor, international speaker, and true learning evangelist, Eyal brings a practical approach even to the most academic topics.",Beyond Buzzwords: Boosting Performance Using Microlearning and Gamification - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SEMT101 Trends in Learning Today: Where Should You Focus?------------10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Emerging Tech Stage------------With the constant changing and evolution of technology, you need--to know what is possible and how to determine what is a fit for your audience.--Join this in-depth look at the tools, design, and technologies--you should focus on in learning today and what’s just around the corner. You’ll--explore the technology that will soon be enhancing learning, and find out what you--need to get excited about and start planning to integrate into your solutions. What--can you learn from the buzz and new tools appearing in the consumer and corporate--environments, and how can you take advantage of them to help your users learn? This--fun session will give you dozens of ideas and reboot your brain for fresh perspectives--on how to enhance your learning today.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to design amazing experiences for your learners--How personalization of content can improve learning--When gamification is a fit--How to move beyond a screen--How to get started with a personal learning network,--and what the benefits are----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Open-source frameworks and tools, content organization and--tagging, developing for all devices (mobile, tablet, hybrids, and computers),--gaming, and personalizing learning.------------Nick Floro--Learning Architect & CEO Sealworks Interactive Studios--Nick Floro is the president of Sealworks Interactive Studios. Nick has over 25 --years of experience developing eLearning solutions, applications, and web --platforms. He has worked with numerous Fortune 500 companies to help --them understand the technology and develop innovative solutions to help --their teams and customer base. Nick has won several awards from Apple and --Fortune 500 organizations for productions and services. He is passionate --about how design and technology can enhance learning and loves to share his --knowledge and experience to teach, inspire, and motivate participants.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:With the constant changing and evolution of technology, you need--to know what is possible and how to determine what is a fit for your audience.--Join this in-depth look at the tools, design, and technologies--you should focus on in learning today and what’s just around the corner. You’ll--explore the technology that will soon be enhancing learning, and find out what you--need to get excited about and start planning to integrate into your solutions. What--can you learn from the buzz and new tools appearing in the consumer and corporate--environments, and how can you take advantage of them to help your users learn? This--fun session will give you dozens of ideas and reboot your brain for fresh perspectives--on how to enhance your learning today.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to design amazing experiences for your learners--How personalization of content can improve learning--When gamification is a fit--How to move beyond a screen--How to get started with a personal learning network,--and what the benefits are----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Open-source frameworks and tools, content organization and--tagging, developing for all devices (mobile, tablet, hybrids, and computers),--gaming, and personalizing learning.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Nick Floro--Learning Architect & CEO Sealworks Interactive Studios

SPEAKER_BIO:Nick Floro is the president of Sealworks Interactive Studios. Nick has over 25 --years of experience developing eLearning solutions, applications, and web --platforms. He has worked with numerous Fortune 500 companies to help --them understand the technology and develop innovative solutions to help --their teams and customer base. Nick has won several awards from Apple and --Fortune 500 organizations for productions and services. He is passionate --about how design and technology can enhance learning and loves to share his --knowledge and experience to teach, inspire, and motivate participants.",Trends in Learning Today: Where Should You Focus? - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SEMT102 Solving the Sales Training Puzzle with Modern Learning------------11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Emerging Tech Stage------------Salespeople are learning organizations’ problem children: often--remote and on the go, “too busy” for training, and quick to dismiss anything that--doesn’t immediately help them. Yet constant product and sales tool releases, nonstop--market evolution, and rapid competitive moves mean sales teams stand to benefit--from effective learning more than any other function! And moving the needle on sales--effectiveness yields enormous ROI.--In this hands-on session, you will see and experience how modern--learning techniques enable trainers to engage sales teams and boost their effectiveness.--Learn how the five principles of modern learning—including bite-sized content, learning--reinforcement, support for informal learning, and more—successfully meet the needs--of the challenging sales training environment. If you download the Allego app,--you can try several examples yourself to gain deeper understanding.--In this session, you will--learn:----How bite-sized content works in the sales domain--Why sales teams love reinforcement learning--How to enable informal learning among sales teams--When personalized learning does and doesn’t apply--to sales training--Why ease of content creation, not just content access,--is the key to engaging sales teams----Audience: --Novice to advanced managers and senior leaders (directors, VPs,--CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--The Allego platform.------------Jake Miller--Product Marketing Manager Allego--Jake Miller, a product marketing manager at Allego, is responsible for shaping the story of Allego customers and products, which has helped secure Allego’s spot as America’s fifth fastest-growing software company on the Inc. 500. Jake is passionate about sales performance and incorporates his experience as a top producer in the high-ticket retail space into his approach for running the product marketing function at Allego. Jake received his MBA from Babson College. Prior to entering the business world, he was a professional jazz drummer and received a bachelor’s degree in drum set performance from Berklee College of Music. ------<    
TIME:11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Salespeople are learning organizations’ problem children: often--remote and on the go, “too busy” for training, and quick to dismiss anything that--doesn’t immediately help them. Yet constant product and sales tool releases, nonstop--market evolution, and rapid competitive moves mean sales teams stand to benefit--from effective learning more than any other function! And moving the needle on sales--effectiveness yields enormous ROI.--In this hands-on session, you will see and experience how modern--learning techniques enable trainers to engage sales teams and boost their effectiveness.--Learn how the five principles of modern learning—including bite-sized content, learning--reinforcement, support for informal learning, and more—successfully meet the needs--of the challenging sales training environment. If you download the Allego app,--you can try several examples yourself to gain deeper understanding.--In this session, you will--learn:----How bite-sized content works in the sales domain--Why sales teams love reinforcement learning--How to enable informal learning among sales teams--When personalized learning does and doesn’t apply--to sales training--Why ease of content creation, not just content access,--is the key to engaging sales teams----Audience: --Novice to advanced managers and senior leaders (directors, VPs,--CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--The Allego platform.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jake Miller--Product Marketing Manager Allego

SPEAKER_BIO:Jake Miller, a product marketing manager at Allego, is responsible for shaping the story of Allego customers and products, which has helped secure Allego’s spot as America’s fifth fastest-growing software company on the Inc. 500. Jake is passionate about sales performance and incorporates his experience as a top producer in the high-ticket retail space into his approach for running the product marketing function at Allego. Jake received his MBA from Babson College. Prior to entering the business world, he was a professional jazz drummer and received a bachelor’s degree in drum set performance from Berklee College of Music. ",Solving the Sales Training Puzzle with Modern Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SEMT103 Why Your Organization Needs Virtual Reality Training Today------------12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Emerging Tech Stage------------Millennials and Gen Z are entering the workforce at an accelerating--rate. These incoming generations’ expectations from their training media are very--different from those of previous generations. Virtual reality training offers a--potent tool to address the media and learning needs of these younger generations.--However, since VR is still an emerging technology, there is a lack of data and case--studies and many misconceptions surrounding cost and best operating practices.--In this session, you will explore the global disruption VR is--causing as a medium for training and professional development. You’ll deconstruct--the myths surrounding virtual reality through an exploration of case studies and--the latest data available. This session will provide you with an overview of the--startup cost and the best operating practices to allow you to evaluate the ROI of--virtual, computer, and mobile-based simulations.--In this session, you will--learn:----About game-based training--About virtual reality training--About computer- and mobile-based simulations--About gamification----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, managers, senior leaders, and--others.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Virtual reality, computer, and mobile simulations.------------Sid Banerjee--CEO Indusgeeks--Siddharth Banerjee, the CEO of Indusgeeks, is an entrepreneur and thought leader in the field of applied gaming and virtual reality. Sid’s pioneering work has positioned Indusgeeks among the world leaders in game-based and virtual reality training. The company has received multiple awards and was most recently honored with a Brandon Hall Gold Award for best use of games and simulations for learning. Sid is a founding board member of NASSCOM’s Applied Gaming Special Interest Group (SIG), working with governments and the gaming industry worldwide to formulate key policies transforming the applied gaming ecosystem.--------<    
TIME:12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Millennials and Gen Z are entering the workforce at an accelerating--rate. These incoming generations’ expectations from their training media are very--different from those of previous generations. Virtual reality training offers a--potent tool to address the media and learning needs of these younger generations.--However, since VR is still an emerging technology, there is a lack of data and case--studies and many misconceptions surrounding cost and best operating practices.--In this session, you will explore the global disruption VR is--causing as a medium for training and professional development. You’ll deconstruct--the myths surrounding virtual reality through an exploration of case studies and--the latest data available. This session will provide you with an overview of the--startup cost and the best operating practices to allow you to evaluate the ROI of--virtual, computer, and mobile-based simulations.--In this session, you will--learn:----About game-based training--About virtual reality training--About computer- and mobile-based simulations--About gamification----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, managers, senior leaders, and--others.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Virtual reality, computer, and mobile simulations.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Sid Banerjee--CEO Indusgeeks

SPEAKER_BIO:Siddharth Banerjee, the CEO of Indusgeeks, is an entrepreneur and thought leader in the field of applied gaming and virtual reality. Sid’s pioneering work has positioned Indusgeeks among the world leaders in game-based and virtual reality training. The company has received multiple awards and was most recently honored with a Brandon Hall Gold Award for best use of games and simulations for learning. Sid is a founding board member of NASSCOM’s Applied Gaming Special Interest Group (SIG), working with governments and the gaming industry worldwide to formulate key policies transforming the applied gaming ecosystem.,Why Your Organization Needs Virtual Reality Training Today - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SEMT104 CANCELLED: What Is It, and Why Should I Care? A Deep Dive on Emerging Tech in L & D ------------1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Emerging Tech Stage------------With the technology landscape changing rapidly, questions are--posed to L&D to answer how emerging technologies could be leveraged to--improve learning and development across organizations. You may be an emerging--technology guru and able to answer these questions easily, or you may be like--many of us and struggle to find the time to do your research on every emerging--tech trend in L&D.--In this session, you’d learn the information you need to speak--with authority on current emerging technologies, their relevance to L&D,--their potential impact, and how to get started in exploring their use. Topics--will include blockchain, artificial intelligence (AI), chatbots, AR, VR,--biometrics, machine learning, adaptive learning, and more. You’ll leave this--session armed with the data you need to determine which emerging technologies--are most relevant for your organization, which ones may be interesting to--explore in the future, and how your organization can be ready for the next wave--of emerging technologies to expand your L&D portfolio.--In--this session, you will learn:----What emerging technologies are on the--radar for L&D--How each emerging technology is--relevant to L&D--What companies have been early--adopters/explorers in each emerging technology--Who the major vendors are for each--emerging technology (where relevant)--How to get started in researching or--piloting each emerging technology----Audience:----Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.). --Technology--discussed in this session:--Blockchain, AI, chatbots, AR, VR, biometrics, machine learning,--adaptive learning, predictive analytics for learning.------------Koreen Pagano--Product Management Director D2L--Koreen Pagano, a product management director at D2L, is passionate about technology for organizational learning, with an emphasis on performance improvement and behavior change. She holds an MS in curriculum and instruction from Penn State University. In 2008, Koreen founded Tandem Learning, where she pioneered immersive learning in organizations by leveraging virtual worlds, games, and simulations. As director, enterprise product at Lynda.com and LinkedIn, she led the product vision for self-directed learning. Koreen is on the advisory board for emerging tech companies SilVR Thread and HelloYello. She is author of the blog Learning in Tandem and the book Immersive Learning.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:With the technology landscape changing rapidly, questions are--posed to L&D to answer how emerging technologies could be leveraged to--improve learning and development across organizations. You may be an emerging--technology guru and able to answer these questions easily, or you may be like--many of us and struggle to find the time to do your research on every emerging--tech trend in L&D.--In this session, you’d learn the information you need to speak--with authority on current emerging technologies, their relevance to L&D,--their potential impact, and how to get started in exploring their use. Topics--will include blockchain, artificial intelligence (AI), chatbots, AR, VR,--biometrics, machine learning, adaptive learning, and more. You’ll leave this--session armed with the data you need to determine which emerging technologies--are most relevant for your organization, which ones may be interesting to--explore in the future, and how your organization can be ready for the next wave--of emerging technologies to expand your L&D portfolio.--In--this session, you will learn:----What emerging technologies are on the--radar for L&D--How each emerging technology is--relevant to L&D--What companies have been early--adopters/explorers in each emerging technology--Who the major vendors are for each--emerging technology (where relevant)--How to get started in researching or--piloting each emerging technology----Audience:----Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.). --Technology--discussed in this session:--Blockchain, AI, chatbots, AR, VR, biometrics, machine learning,--adaptive learning, predictive analytics for learning.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Koreen Pagano--Product Management Director D2L

SPEAKER_BIO:Koreen Pagano, a product management director at D2L, is passionate about technology for organizational learning, with an emphasis on performance improvement and behavior change. She holds an MS in curriculum and instruction from Penn State University. In 2008, Koreen founded Tandem Learning, where she pioneered immersive learning in organizations by leveraging virtual worlds, games, and simulations. As director, enterprise product at Lynda.com and LinkedIn, she led the product vision for self-directed learning. Koreen is on the advisory board for emerging tech companies SilVR Thread and HelloYello. She is author of the blog Learning in Tandem and the book Immersive Learning."
CANCELLED: What Is It, and Why Should I Care? A Deep Dive on Emerging Tech in L & D - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:SEMT105 The Future of Software Learning: Virtual Training Labs------------2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Emerging Tech Stage------------When it comes to developer training and software training, many--of today’s most common training methods—self-paced, instructor-led, and more—have--not kept pace with the needs of the modern learner. In a world of shrinking attention--spans, how do you deliver software learning that ultimately keeps your learners--focused and engaged?--In this session, you will learn about the power of learning by--doing and how it takes shape in the form of virtual training lab environments for--software training and developer training. Find out why some of the world’s most--innovative organizations are doubling down on virtual labs so their learners can--learn and build new software. You will also discover use cases relevant to your--software learning needs, such as product training for employees, customer and partner--enablement, product demos, lead generation, and more.--In this session, you will--learn:----About virtual software training labs, and why they--are a fast-emerging technology--The advantages of virtual labs over simulations,--VMs, and other methods for software learning--How virtual lab environments are being applied for--customer training, partner training, employee training, product sales demos, and--more--How to use virtual labs to lower the friction for--getting started with your software or dev toolkit--How to increase developer mindshare for your product--or SDK----Audience: --Novice to intermediate developers, managers, and senior leaders--(VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Virtual training labs, online learning platforms, and personal--learning environments.----------Nate Aune--CEO & Founder Appsembler--Nate Aune is the CEO and founder of Appsembler, the leading training platform for experiential learning, and an entrepreneur and developer at heart. With over 20 team members globally distributed, Appsembler’s mission is to empower trainers and educators to deliver engaging, hands-on learning experiences so they can focus on what truly matters: their learners. Nate is recognized broadly for his leadership and community role in the development of open-source software. He has served on the Plone Foundation board for three consecutive terms and is active in the Plone, Django, and Open edX communities. ------<    
TIME:2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:When it comes to developer training and software training, many--of today’s most common training methods—self-paced, instructor-led, and more—have--not kept pace with the needs of the modern learner. In a world of shrinking attention--spans, how do you deliver software learning that ultimately keeps your learners--focused and engaged?--In this session, you will learn about the power of learning by--doing and how it takes shape in the form of virtual training lab environments for--software training and developer training. Find out why some of the world’s most--innovative organizations are doubling down on virtual labs so their learners can--learn and build new software. You will also discover use cases relevant to your--software learning needs, such as product training for employees, customer and partner--enablement, product demos, lead generation, and more.--In this session, you will--learn:----About virtual software training labs, and why they--are a fast-emerging technology--The advantages of virtual labs over simulations,--VMs, and other methods for software learning--How virtual lab environments are being applied for--customer training, partner training, employee training, product sales demos, and--more--How to use virtual labs to lower the friction for--getting started with your software or dev toolkit--How to increase developer mindshare for your product--or SDK----Audience: --Novice to intermediate developers, managers, and senior leaders--(VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Virtual training labs, online learning platforms, and personal--learning environments.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Nate Aune--CEO & Founder Appsembler

SPEAKER_BIO:Nate Aune is the CEO and founder of Appsembler, the leading training platform for experiential learning, and an entrepreneur and developer at heart. With over 20 team members globally distributed, Appsembler’s mission is to empower trainers and educators to deliver engaging, hands-on learning experiences so they can focus on what truly matters: their learners. Nate is recognized broadly for his leadership and community role in the development of open-source software. He has served on the Plone Foundation board for three consecutive terms and is active in the Plone, Django, and Open edX communities. ",The Future of Software Learning: Virtual Training Labs - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SEMT106 Innovation in Learning: Reimagining the Future of Learning------------3:15 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Emerging Tech Stage------------Curious about how to keep up with constantly changing--technology? Wondering how to shift your learning programs to be more relevant--and useful for today’s learning? Not sure how to plan for the future workforce?--This session explores the evolution and new frontiers of learning--technology—innovations that are making learning more immersive, contextual, and--relevant for learners both today and in the future.--This session will help you gain a deeper understanding of--how technology is evolving to shape learning programs. You’ll explore how to--embrace new technology and design and make them an integral part of the--learning narrative. See how technologies such as mixed reality, artificial--intelligence, and 3-D animation are revolutionizing training. You’ll gain insights--into the challenges of learning today, and how innovative learning design and technology--can truly bridge the gap. --In this session, you will--learn:----How the technology boom of the past decade impacts--learning--About the latest technological innovations that are--revolutionizing learning--How emerging technologies and thoughtful learning--design can transform learning programs--How to better apply new technologies to meet learning--needs----Audience: --Intermediate to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Mixed reality, AR, and VR; artificial intelligence; 3-D and animation;--gaming and simulation; and evolving instructional design.----------Anna Kuehl--Senior Vice President Customer Solutions MPS Interactive Systems --Anna Kuehl is a senior vice president of customer solutions for MPS Interactive Systems, a global leader in learning solutions. She leads customer engagement and success, with a focus on delivering excellence in high-impact, complex, and innovative human performance and development programs. Anna has nearly 20 years of cross-industry consulting experience in learning, having worked as a managing consultant for EDS and as an SBU manager L&D for ACS before joining TIS in 2007.------<    
TIME:3:15 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Curious about how to keep up with constantly changing--technology? Wondering how to shift your learning programs to be more relevant--and useful for today’s learning? Not sure how to plan for the future workforce?--This session explores the evolution and new frontiers of learning--technology—innovations that are making learning more immersive, contextual, and--relevant for learners both today and in the future.--This session will help you gain a deeper understanding of--how technology is evolving to shape learning programs. You’ll explore how to--embrace new technology and design and make them an integral part of the--learning narrative. See how technologies such as mixed reality, artificial--intelligence, and 3-D animation are revolutionizing training. You’ll gain insights--into the challenges of learning today, and how innovative learning design and technology--can truly bridge the gap. --In this session, you will--learn:----How the technology boom of the past decade impacts--learning--About the latest technological innovations that are--revolutionizing learning--How emerging technologies and thoughtful learning--design can transform learning programs--How to better apply new technologies to meet learning--needs----Audience: --Intermediate to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Mixed reality, AR, and VR; artificial intelligence; 3-D and animation;--gaming and simulation; and evolving instructional design.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Anna Kuehl--Senior Vice President Customer Solutions MPS Interactive Systems

SPEAKER_BIO:Anna Kuehl is a senior vice president of customer solutions for MPS Interactive Systems, a global leader in learning solutions. She leads customer engagement and success, with a focus on delivering excellence in high-impact, complex, and innovative human performance and development programs. Anna has nearly 20 years of cross-industry consulting experience in learning, having worked as a managing consultant for EDS and as an SBU manager L&D for ACS before joining TIS in 2007.",Innovation in Learning: Reimagining the Future of Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SEMT201 Using Your Mobile Device to Create Amazing Content------------10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: Emerging Tech Stage------------Are you looking for amazing ways to use your mobile device--to create content? Learn how to use your device outside of your typical apps--and email to discover new ways to create, brainstorm, and improve your learning--development workflow. --In this session, you will learn how to use your phone or--tablet to brainstorm, sketch, take notes, collaborate, create audio- and--video-based media, and animate using several mind-blowing apps. You’ll leave--the session feeling inspired, and you’ll have the practical information to--apply one or more apps on your own. Get your notebook and camera ready to--capture these great tools.--In this session, you will--learn:----About several programs to help you get creative--About several free and inexpensive tools to help--with brainstorming, being more productive, and creating content, all from your--mobile device--How to start using these tools today ----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Content creation apps including Explain Everything, Microsoft--Office Lens, and AI-based tools; brainstorming and note-taking apps including OneNote,--Notes, and Wink; and apps for mirroring to your laptop or monitor for--presentations and demonstrations. ------------Nick Floro--Learning Architect & CEO Sealworks Interactive Studios--Nick Floro is the president of Sealworks Interactive Studios. Nick has over 25 --years of experience developing eLearning solutions, applications, and web --platforms. He has worked with numerous Fortune 500 companies to help --them understand the technology and develop innovative solutions to help --their teams and customer base. Nick has won several awards from Apple and --Fortune 500 organizations for productions and services. He is passionate --about how design and technology can enhance learning and loves to share his --knowledge and experience to teach, inspire, and motivate participants.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Are you looking for amazing ways to use your mobile device--to create content? Learn how to use your device outside of your typical apps--and email to discover new ways to create, brainstorm, and improve your learning--development workflow. --In this session, you will learn how to use your phone or--tablet to brainstorm, sketch, take notes, collaborate, create audio- and--video-based media, and animate using several mind-blowing apps. You’ll leave--the session feeling inspired, and you’ll have the practical information to--apply one or more apps on your own. Get your notebook and camera ready to--capture these great tools.--In this session, you will--learn:----About several programs to help you get creative--About several free and inexpensive tools to help--with brainstorming, being more productive, and creating content, all from your--mobile device--How to start using these tools today ----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Content creation apps including Explain Everything, Microsoft--Office Lens, and AI-based tools; brainstorming and note-taking apps including OneNote,--Notes, and Wink; and apps for mirroring to your laptop or monitor for--presentations and demonstrations. ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Nick Floro--Learning Architect & CEO Sealworks Interactive Studios

SPEAKER_BIO:Nick Floro is the president of Sealworks Interactive Studios. Nick has over 25 --years of experience developing eLearning solutions, applications, and web --platforms. He has worked with numerous Fortune 500 companies to help --them understand the technology and develop innovative solutions to help --their teams and customer base. Nick has won several awards from Apple and --Fortune 500 organizations for productions and services. He is passionate --about how design and technology can enhance learning and loves to share his --knowledge and experience to teach, inspire, and motivate participants.",Using Your Mobile Device to Create Amazing Content - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SEMT202 Out of the Back Room: McDonald’s Digital Learning Transformation------------11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: Emerging Tech Stage------------With more than one million new crew members hired every year--in the US alone, it is imperative for McDonald’s to onboard new hires--efficiently and effectively. However, new hires were spending  more than twelve hours studying processes and--procedures in back rooms with printed binders that could double as doorstops--before learning in the restaurant with peers and managers. McDonald’s--recognized the need for a new approach to their training program.--In this session, you will learn how McDonald’s modernized their global onboarding--and operations by adopting a smart content system. You’ll hear how moving--onboarding out of back rooms and into kitchens with shoulder-to-shoulder--training on mobile devices took McDonald’s--crew member training to the next level. You’ll find out how these interactive,--searchable reference guides help deliver a consistent customer experience--worldwide while saving time and increasing productivity. You’ll discover how--McDonald’s saves $30 million in--labor costs annually by shaving off three hours of crew member training time.--In this--session, you will learn:----How providing digital training--materials on mobile devices decreases onboarding time and increases training--effectiveness by enabling shoulder-to-shoulder training--How smart content systems drive super--field execution through consistent access to a single version of accurate--content with real-time updates--Why transitioning to digital--operational content empowers managers and employees with easy search and--discovery of information, which increases employee engagement and job--satisfaction--How significant time savings, cost--reductions, and quality of service improvements can be achieved by going--digital and ditching the printing and shipping of onboarding and training--materials----Audience: --Novice--to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology--discussed in this session:--Inkling.------------Alex Martell--Senior Solution Consultant Inkling--Alex Martell, a senior learning consultant with Inkling, is responsible for helping customers plan and build for implementations of the Inkling platform. Alex started his technology career 17 years ago on a help desk and has since transitioned through project management and finally into solution engineering. For the past nine years, he has focused on enabling large organizations to empower their field teams and improve their customer experience through technology. Alex helps Inkling’s customers to see value in providing a better experience for the deskless workforce and has helped companies find value in a better user experience, including Kohl’s, Liberty Mutual, and Bristol-Myers Squibb. ------<    
TIME:11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:With more than one million new crew members hired every year--in the US alone, it is imperative for McDonald’s to onboard new hires--efficiently and effectively. However, new hires were spending  more than twelve hours studying processes and--procedures in back rooms with printed binders that could double as doorstops--before learning in the restaurant with peers and managers. McDonald’s--recognized the need for a new approach to their training program.--In this session, you will learn how McDonald’s modernized their global onboarding--and operations by adopting a smart content system. You’ll hear how moving--onboarding out of back rooms and into kitchens with shoulder-to-shoulder--training on mobile devices took McDonald’s--crew member training to the next level. You’ll find out how these interactive,--searchable reference guides help deliver a consistent customer experience--worldwide while saving time and increasing productivity. You’ll discover how--McDonald’s saves $30 million in--labor costs annually by shaving off three hours of crew member training time.--In this--session, you will learn:----How providing digital training--materials on mobile devices decreases onboarding time and increases training--effectiveness by enabling shoulder-to-shoulder training--How smart content systems drive super--field execution through consistent access to a single version of accurate--content with real-time updates--Why transitioning to digital--operational content empowers managers and employees with easy search and--discovery of information, which increases employee engagement and job--satisfaction--How significant time savings, cost--reductions, and quality of service improvements can be achieved by going--digital and ditching the printing and shipping of onboarding and training--materials----Audience: --Novice--to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology--discussed in this session:--Inkling.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Alex Martell--Senior Solution Consultant Inkling

SPEAKER_BIO:Alex Martell, a senior learning consultant with Inkling, is responsible for helping customers plan and build for implementations of the Inkling platform. Alex started his technology career 17 years ago on a help desk and has since transitioned through project management and finally into solution engineering. For the past nine years, he has focused on enabling large organizations to empower their field teams and improve their customer experience through technology. Alex helps Inkling’s customers to see value in providing a better experience for the deskless workforce and has helped companies find value in a better user experience, including Kohl’s, Liberty Mutual, and Bristol-Myers Squibb. ",Out of the Back Room: McDonald’s Digital Learning Transformation - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SEMT203 Video Bookmarkers—Here Comes Disruption------------12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: Emerging Tech Stage------------Short videos—less than two minutes in length—or long videos chunked--up into short, digestible bits are retained longer and are more frequently shared--and consumed. Creating, managing, and updating short, digestible content has become--a challenge in most organizations. The desire is to be able to create content by--anyone, anytime, and deliver it in an exciting and digestible way.--This session will demonstrate many ways to easily create digestible--content to deliver and track within an LMS. You will learn how to create quick--videos with a single message and chunk up your long videos using chaptering--technology. Key to the session will be exploration in administrator, SME, and user-generated--content. Video learning can create digestible content to maximize the impact of--your learning. Engage users with SCORM tracking, bookmarking, PowerPoint association,--chapter highlights, and microlearning.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to create short, digestible content--How to direct users to a specific area of a video--for emphasis--How to take your PowerPoint and create an engaging--experience for the learners--How to take a video and create SCORM object for tracking--details--How to create user-generated content--About closed captioning in video--About on-demand video with social discussion forums----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, managers, senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.), and creative LMS administrators.--Technology discussed in--this session:--KZO Innovations’ enterprise-wide video and NetDimensions’ enterprise--learning management system.------------Ali Zaheer --Sr. Solutions Consultant NetDimensions | KZO Innovations--Ali Zaheer, a senior global solutions consultant at NetDimensions/KZO Innovations, has been in the L&D industry for over 16 years. His experience includes learning system administration, exam systems, and content development. Ali specializes in creative learning presentations with engaging learner experiences. His passion is experimenting with new technologies that increase learner adoption.------<    
TIME:12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Short videos—less than two minutes in length—or long videos chunked--up into short, digestible bits are retained longer and are more frequently shared--and consumed. Creating, managing, and updating short, digestible content has become--a challenge in most organizations. The desire is to be able to create content by--anyone, anytime, and deliver it in an exciting and digestible way.--This session will demonstrate many ways to easily create digestible--content to deliver and track within an LMS. You will learn how to create quick--videos with a single message and chunk up your long videos using chaptering--technology. Key to the session will be exploration in administrator, SME, and user-generated--content. Video learning can create digestible content to maximize the impact of--your learning. Engage users with SCORM tracking, bookmarking, PowerPoint association,--chapter highlights, and microlearning.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to create short, digestible content--How to direct users to a specific area of a video--for emphasis--How to take your PowerPoint and create an engaging--experience for the learners--How to take a video and create SCORM object for tracking--details--How to create user-generated content--About closed captioning in video--About on-demand video with social discussion forums----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, managers, senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.), and creative LMS administrators.--Technology discussed in--this session:--KZO Innovations’ enterprise-wide video and NetDimensions’ enterprise--learning management system.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Ali Zaheer --Sr. Solutions Consultant NetDimensions | KZO Innovations

SPEAKER_BIO:Ali Zaheer, a senior global solutions consultant at NetDimensions/KZO Innovations, has been in the L&D industry for over 16 years. His experience includes learning system administration, exam systems, and content development. Ali specializes in creative learning presentations with engaging learner experiences. His passion is experimenting with new technologies that increase learner adoption.",Video Bookmarkers—Here Comes Disruption - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SEMT204 How Virtual Reality Is Changing Learning and Training ------------1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: Emerging Tech Stage------------Virtual reality technologies are finding new ways to enhance our--ability to perceive the world that surrounds us. With the focus being on the--learner experience, VR offers opportunities to organizations that implement VR--into their training toolkit. This session explains how to create an effective--VR learning game from an organization that has built from them from the ground--up using the VIVE and the Rift.--In this session, you will learn what it takes to make an effective--VR learning game or simulation from the start to finish and explore the processes--taken to develop VR games with HTC VIVE and Oculus Rift. You will examine the--effort it took to develop a project from start to finish for multiple case studies--and experiences and gain an understanding of the current state of the industry,--including how long until VR is fully adapted by the L&D industry. --In--this session, you will learn:----The difference between spatial 3-D VR--and 360 video VR--How to produce a VR project--What it takes to create a VR project--Why VR is going to continue to be dominate----What it takes to implement VR into--your organization--What it costs to do VR--What tools to use for VR--When not to us VR for training----Audience:----Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VPs, CLOs, executive, etc.).--Technology--discussed in this session:--Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, VR games, VR simulations.-- ------------Andrew Hughes--President Designing Digitally--Andrew Hughes is the president of Designing Digitally. He founded the company in 2001 and has extensive experience in the development of enterprise learning solutions for government and Fortune 1000 clients. Andrew is also a professor at the University of Cincinnati, and he has been a consultant for the Ohio Board of Regents and the US Department of Education’s Office of Innovation, where he helped to develop groundbreaking learning spaces for the K-12 sector. Andrew was named a 2016 Learning! Champion by ELearning Magazine.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Virtual reality technologies are finding new ways to enhance our--ability to perceive the world that surrounds us. With the focus being on the--learner experience, VR offers opportunities to organizations that implement VR--into their training toolkit. This session explains how to create an effective--VR learning game from an organization that has built from them from the ground--up using the VIVE and the Rift.--In this session, you will learn what it takes to make an effective--VR learning game or simulation from the start to finish and explore the processes--taken to develop VR games with HTC VIVE and Oculus Rift. You will examine the--effort it took to develop a project from start to finish for multiple case studies--and experiences and gain an understanding of the current state of the industry,--including how long until VR is fully adapted by the L&D industry. --In--this session, you will learn:----The difference between spatial 3-D VR--and 360 video VR--How to produce a VR project--What it takes to create a VR project--Why VR is going to continue to be dominate----What it takes to implement VR into--your organization--What it costs to do VR--What tools to use for VR--When not to us VR for training----Audience:----Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VPs, CLOs, executive, etc.).--Technology--discussed in this session:--Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, VR games, VR simulations.-- ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Andrew Hughes--President Designing Digitally

SPEAKER_BIO:Andrew Hughes is the president of Designing Digitally. He founded the company in 2001 and has extensive experience in the development of enterprise learning solutions for government and Fortune 1000 clients. Andrew is also a professor at the University of Cincinnati, and he has been a consultant for the Ohio Board of Regents and the US Department of Education’s Office of Innovation, where he helped to develop groundbreaking learning spaces for the K-12 sector. Andrew was named a 2016 Learning! Champion by ELearning Magazine.",How Virtual Reality Is Changing Learning and Training - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SEMT205 Creating Amazing Learning Experiences: Let’s Get Inspired!------------2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: Emerging Tech Stage------------Do you find yourself getting stuck using the same patterns--of delivery without thinking about whether it is helping your audience or whether--it’s the best fit for a challenge?--Designing great user experiences for your learners is--critical to the success of how they engage; how they utilize content, tools,--and apps; and how they focus on the task at hand. This session will break down--what’s essential in designing great experiences, and provide resources to get--you started and inspired from mobile to desktop and beyond. You’ll examine--design strategies, what works and what doesn’t, and how to plan and prototype, with--several examples for inspiration. You’ll get 10-plus resources for taking you,--your organization, and your experiences to the next level.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to evaluate what you see, hear, and feel,--and how to apply what resonates with your audience --How to conduct interviews and create feedback--loops to improve your concepts--About resources and tools to implement on your--next project--How to share, get inspired, and motivate your--organization to grow----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Apps and tools including Paper, PowerPoint, PDF, Marvel App,--and DropBox Paper.------------Nick Floro--Learning Architect & CEO Sealworks Interactive Studios--Nick Floro is the president of Sealworks Interactive Studios. Nick has over 25 --years of experience developing eLearning solutions, applications, and web --platforms. He has worked with numerous Fortune 500 companies to help --them understand the technology and develop innovative solutions to help --their teams and customer base. Nick has won several awards from Apple and --Fortune 500 organizations for productions and services. He is passionate --about how design and technology can enhance learning and loves to share his --knowledge and experience to teach, inspire, and motivate participants.------<    
TIME:2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Do you find yourself getting stuck using the same patterns--of delivery without thinking about whether it is helping your audience or whether--it’s the best fit for a challenge?--Designing great user experiences for your learners is--critical to the success of how they engage; how they utilize content, tools,--and apps; and how they focus on the task at hand. This session will break down--what’s essential in designing great experiences, and provide resources to get--you started and inspired from mobile to desktop and beyond. You’ll examine--design strategies, what works and what doesn’t, and how to plan and prototype, with--several examples for inspiration. You’ll get 10-plus resources for taking you,--your organization, and your experiences to the next level.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to evaluate what you see, hear, and feel,--and how to apply what resonates with your audience --How to conduct interviews and create feedback--loops to improve your concepts--About resources and tools to implement on your--next project--How to share, get inspired, and motivate your--organization to grow----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Apps and tools including Paper, PowerPoint, PDF, Marvel App,--and DropBox Paper.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Nick Floro--Learning Architect & CEO Sealworks Interactive Studios

SPEAKER_BIO:Nick Floro is the president of Sealworks Interactive Studios. Nick has over 25 --years of experience developing eLearning solutions, applications, and web --platforms. He has worked with numerous Fortune 500 companies to help --them understand the technology and develop innovative solutions to help --their teams and customer base. Nick has won several awards from Apple and --Fortune 500 organizations for productions and services. He is passionate --about how design and technology can enhance learning and loves to share his --knowledge and experience to teach, inspire, and motivate participants.",Creating Amazing Learning Experiences: Let’s Get Inspired! - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SMNX101 4 Freedoms for eLearning Success: Vistaprint Case Study------------10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Management Xchange Stage------------It’s a common story: An organization implements a proprietary--learning platform that promises to meet the company’s every need. This pairing seems--to be a match made in heaven... until it isn’t. Gone are the days of a “one-size-fits-all”--solution. In today’s rapidly changing eLearning ecosystem, companies require a flexible--solution that can be customized to meet a plethora of needs—from onboarding to PD--to eCommerce and more.--Open-source solutions are now the key to a “happy-ever-after”--LMS choice. In this session, you will learn how you can utilize the four freedoms--that open-source platform Totara Learn provides: the freedom to innovate, save,--choose, and learn—to achieve eLearning success. By leveraging an open-source learning--platform, organizations are able to adapt their training solutions to meet evolving--eLearning needs, allowing them to effectively future-proof their learning system--and investment. This session will explore how Vistaprint uses Totara Learn to educate--and empower its CARE specialists across the globe to achieve business objectives--while enjoying the freedom to learn.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to structure your training programs with longevity--in mind (and why the technology your LMS uses matters)--Why current trends in the corporate eLearning ecosystem--encourage the use of a flexible and interoperable learning platform --How the robust functionality and endless integrations--of open-source platforms like Totara Learn provide a scalable, customizable, best-of-breed,--and future-proof eLearning solution--How Vistaprint has encouraged educational and business--success by embracing the four freedoms of Totara Learn----Audience: --Novice to intermediate managers, senior leaders (CLO, CIO,--executive, etc.), and directors/VPs of IT, distance learning, eLearning,--training, etc.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Totara Learn (LMS).------------------Daniel Vecchi--VP of Channel Operations, Americas Totara Learning--Daniel Vecchi is a vice president of channel operations at Totara Learning, --supporting the Totara Partner Network across the Americas. As an established --leader in internationalization, Daniel has successfully led teams into new and --competitive markets developing complex projects with multiple stakeholders --in the private sector, government, and educational institutions. Having spent --most of his life and career working in new countries in the Western --Hemisphere, Daniel speaks English and Spanish. He holds an MA in --international relations and economics from Johns Hopkins School of Advanced --International Studies.------------------Courtney Bentley--Vice President of Services eThink Education--Courtney Bentley is a vice president of services at eThink Education, which she joined in 2015 with nearly 15 years of IT experience. She works closely with the customer solutions, implementation, and support services teams to oversee the eThink client lifecycle. Courtney has extensive experience developing strategies for technology transitions; organizing successful technology testing; leading technology adoption, educator training, and course planning; and teaching and training with technology. She holds a BA from Louisiana College and an MA from the University of Memphis.------------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:It’s a common story: An organization implements a proprietary--learning platform that promises to meet the company’s every need. This pairing seems--to be a match made in heaven... until it isn’t. Gone are the days of a “one-size-fits-all”--solution. In today’s rapidly changing eLearning ecosystem, companies require a flexible--solution that can be customized to meet a plethora of needs—from onboarding to PD--to eCommerce and more.--Open-source solutions are now the key to a “happy-ever-after”--LMS choice. In this session, you will learn how you can utilize the four freedoms--that open-source platform Totara Learn provides: the freedom to innovate, save,--choose, and learn—to achieve eLearning success. By leveraging an open-source learning--platform, organizations are able to adapt their training solutions to meet evolving--eLearning needs, allowing them to effectively future-proof their learning system--and investment. This session will explore how Vistaprint uses Totara Learn to educate--and empower its CARE specialists across the globe to achieve business objectives--while enjoying the freedom to learn.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to structure your training programs with longevity--in mind (and why the technology your LMS uses matters)--Why current trends in the corporate eLearning ecosystem--encourage the use of a flexible and interoperable learning platform --How the robust functionality and endless integrations--of open-source platforms like Totara Learn provide a scalable, customizable, best-of-breed,--and future-proof eLearning solution--How Vistaprint has encouraged educational and business--success by embracing the four freedoms of Totara Learn----Audience: --Novice to intermediate managers, senior leaders (CLO, CIO,--executive, etc.), and directors/VPs of IT, distance learning, eLearning,--training, etc.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Totara Learn (LMS).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Courtney Bentley--Vice President of Services eThink Education

SPEAKER_BIO:Courtney Bentley is a vice president of services at eThink Education, which she joined in 2015 with nearly 15 years of IT experience. She works closely with the customer solutions, implementation, and support services teams to oversee the eThink client lifecycle. Courtney has extensive experience developing strategies for technology transitions; organizing successful technology testing; leading technology adoption, educator training, and course planning; and teaching and training with technology. She holds a BA from Louisiana College and an MA from the University of Memphis.",4 Freedoms for eLearning Success: Vistaprint Case Study - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SMNX102 Supercharge Your Training Environment------------11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Management Xchange Stage------------Learners are only as good as the environments they operate within.--Their access to learning, the level of support from managers and executives, and--the quality of the training they receive all impact performance and results. --If you want to supercharge learner performance, you need to move--beyond the traditional “did they do it or not” mindset and consider all the conditions--that impact results. Do employees have time to sharpen their saws? Culturally, is--training seen as a part of the business? Is content easy to access? Is the content--any good? What works best to engage learners? In this workshop, you’ll explore all--of the above and gain a list of best practices you can use immediately to assess--the state of your learning environment.--In this session, you will--learn:----Best practices for assessing the state of your learning--environment--How to get your learners engaged and excited--Strategies for developing content based on the ways--people learn----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).------------Mike Martin--Chief Learning Officer Litmos by SAP--Mike Martin is the chief learning officer at Litmos by SAP. Over the past 20 years, Mike has lived many exciting professional lives, from facilitating team-building programs and ropes courses in the woods to authoring distance-based instructional resources online. He has been an instructional designer, LMS manager, eLearning developer, corporate trainer and consultant, professional speaker, outdoor educator, and he has built and run training departments for billion-dollar companies. Mike is an innovative leader dedicated to helping people excel, and prides himself on his ability to motivate and inspire those around him. Mike designs, develops, and manages Litmos University, an online customer learning center.------<    
TIME:11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Learners are only as good as the environments they operate within.--Their access to learning, the level of support from managers and executives, and--the quality of the training they receive all impact performance and results. --If you want to supercharge learner performance, you need to move--beyond the traditional “did they do it or not” mindset and consider all the conditions--that impact results. Do employees have time to sharpen their saws? Culturally, is--training seen as a part of the business? Is content easy to access? Is the content--any good? What works best to engage learners? In this workshop, you’ll explore all--of the above and gain a list of best practices you can use immediately to assess--the state of your learning environment.--In this session, you will--learn:----Best practices for assessing the state of your learning--environment--How to get your learners engaged and excited--Strategies for developing content based on the ways--people learn----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Mike Martin--Chief Learning Officer Litmos by SAP

SPEAKER_BIO:Mike Martin is the chief learning officer at Litmos by SAP. Over the past 20 years, Mike has lived many exciting professional lives, from facilitating team-building programs and ropes courses in the woods to authoring distance-based instructional resources online. He has been an instructional designer, LMS manager, eLearning developer, corporate trainer and consultant, professional speaker, outdoor educator, and he has built and run training departments for billion-dollar companies. Mike is an innovative leader dedicated to helping people excel, and prides himself on his ability to motivate and inspire those around him. Mike designs, develops, and manages Litmos University, an online customer learning center.",Supercharge Your Training Environment - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SMNX103 Implementing Digital Learning at Dell Technology ------------12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Management Xchange Stage------------Learn how--large enterprises have successfully implemented digital learning and measured--results. Find out how Dell Technologies addressed its digital transformation--and upskilling needs with EdCast’s learning experience platform (LXP). The--presentation will also highlight how EdCast’s AI and machine learning solutions--increase learning relevance and overall engagement at Dell.--With over--150,000 employees, Dell is a leader in the technology space. The skills and--capabilities span technical, sales, HR, and professional portfolios. Learn how--the company is implementing a digital solution that integrates formal and--informal learning with internal and external resources to grow engagement.--In this session, you--will learn:----The best approaches to implementing--enterprise-wide digital learning--How AI and machine learning solutions increase--learning relevance and engagement--The benefits of digital transformation for the--enterprise--Why focusing on upskilling needs is relevant for--the future of your organization--How a digital learning solution can integrate--formal and informal learning ----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Dell’s customized PC and mobile instances of EdCast’s learning--experience platform (LXP).------------------Becky Willis--VP of Enterprise Engagement  EdCast, Inc--Becky is currently the VP of Enterprise Engagement at EdCast and has over 20 years of learning experience. Becky advises Enterprise level customers on Digital Learning and manages design and development of sales and leadership content. Previously, she led a mix of learning strategy and development roles at Hewlett Packard and Hewlett Packard Enterprise.------------------Edward Bell--Director, Digital Learning Technology Dell EMC--Ed is the Director of Digital Learning Technology at Dell. He is an education professional focused on digital learning and development technology necessary to keep pace with continuing advancements in development and delivery of training for employees, customers, and partners. With the changing attitude from instructor led learning to digital and virtual learning, Ed is focused on using technology as a key role in helping education groups keep pace with these changes and helping organizations expand and adjust to these changes.------------<    
TIME:12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Learn how--large enterprises have successfully implemented digital learning and measured--results. Find out how Dell Technologies addressed its digital transformation--and upskilling needs with EdCast’s learning experience platform (LXP). The--presentation will also highlight how EdCast’s AI and machine learning solutions--increase learning relevance and overall engagement at Dell.--With over--150,000 employees, Dell is a leader in the technology space. The skills and--capabilities span technical, sales, HR, and professional portfolios. Learn how--the company is implementing a digital solution that integrates formal and--informal learning with internal and external resources to grow engagement.--In this session, you--will learn:----The best approaches to implementing--enterprise-wide digital learning--How AI and machine learning solutions increase--learning relevance and engagement--The benefits of digital transformation for the--enterprise--Why focusing on upskilling needs is relevant for--the future of your organization--How a digital learning solution can integrate--formal and informal learning ----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Dell’s customized PC and mobile instances of EdCast’s learning--experience platform (LXP).


SPEAKER_NAME:Edward Bell--Director, Digital Learning Technology Dell EMC"

SPEAKER_BIO:Ed is the Director of Digital Learning Technology at Dell. He is an education professional focused on digital learning and development technology necessary to keep pace with continuing advancements in development and delivery of training for employees, customers, and partners. With the changing attitude from instructor led learning to digital and virtual learning, Ed is focused on using technology as a key role in helping education groups keep pace with these changes and helping organizations expand and adjust to these changes.",Implementing Digital Learning at Dell Technology - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SMNX104 Get Organized and Prosper: Project Planning for the Instructional Designer ------------1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Management Xchange Stage------------It’s the job within the job—in addition to designing and--developing amazing training solutions, instructional designers often must also--plan, organize, and manage their projects. This can be a daunting task, as--projects have many components and moving pieces to stay on top of in addition--to the actual design and development work. --In this session, you will learn how to create a project plan that--will grow and flex to your project needs using something you probably already--have access to—Microsoft Excel. You’ll explore a project plan that was used for--a large-scale project in order to see practical real-world examples. In--addition, you will also learn how to track and organize project information--such as budget, communications, stakeholders, and more. You’ll leave this--session with a clear understanding of how to develop and maintain a project--plan, and with practical tips you can immediately apply back on the job. --In--this session, you will learn:----Why it’s worth taking the time to--develop and maintain a project plan --How to set up a project plan using--Excel in a way that allows you to easily view a high-level and detailed status--How to stay on top of the waterfall of--information associated with a project--Best practices for maintaining a--project plan----Audience:----Designers, developers, and managers. --Technology--discussed in this session:--Microsoft Excel.------------Molli Dohogne--Sr. Manager, eLearning and Tech Sodexo--Molli Dohogne, a senior manager of eLearning and tech at Sodexo, is a certified PMP with over 16 years of experience in developing eLearning solutions. At Sodexo, Molli focuses on finding innovative solutions that will enhance learning. Molli is passionate about making process improvements that allow teams to streamline and work more effectively. Her pragmatic approach to challenges results in solutions that can also be sustained and maintained. Molli led the design team that won the Brandon Hall 2010 Excellence in Technology Bronze Medal: Best Use of Blended Learning and the ATD 2011 Excellence in Practice Award. ------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:It’s the job within the job—in addition to designing and--developing amazing training solutions, instructional designers often must also--plan, organize, and manage their projects. This can be a daunting task, as--projects have many components and moving pieces to stay on top of in addition--to the actual design and development work. --In this session, you will learn how to create a project plan that--will grow and flex to your project needs using something you probably already--have access to—Microsoft Excel. You’ll explore a project plan that was used for--a large-scale project in order to see practical real-world examples. In--addition, you will also learn how to track and organize project information--such as budget, communications, stakeholders, and more. You’ll leave this--session with a clear understanding of how to develop and maintain a project--plan, and with practical tips you can immediately apply back on the job. --In--this session, you will learn:----Why it’s worth taking the time to--develop and maintain a project plan --How to set up a project plan using--Excel in a way that allows you to easily view a high-level and detailed status--How to stay on top of the waterfall of--information associated with a project--Best practices for maintaining a--project plan----Audience:----Designers, developers, and managers. --Technology--discussed in this session:--Microsoft Excel.


SPEAKER_NAME:Molli Dohogne--Sr. Manager, eLearning and Tech Sodexo"

SPEAKER_BIO:Molli Dohogne, a senior manager of eLearning and tech at Sodexo, is a certified PMP with over 16 years of experience in developing eLearning solutions. At Sodexo, Molli focuses on finding innovative solutions that will enhance learning. Molli is passionate about making process improvements that allow teams to streamline and work more effectively. Her pragmatic approach to challenges results in solutions that can also be sustained and maintained. Molli led the design team that won the Brandon Hall 2010 Excellence in Technology Bronze Medal: Best Use of Blended Learning and the ATD 2011 Excellence in Practice Award. ",Get Organized and Prosper: Project Planning for the Instructional Designer - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SMNX105 Improve Your Videos with a Simplified Review Process------------2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Management Xchange Stage------------One of the keys to making effective training videos is to--gather feedback from stakeholders and colleagues along the way. However, the--headaches associated with this process can frustrate and deter even the best--content developers. The process can take longer than desired, feedback can be--provided on the wrong areas, and often feedback comes at the last minute,--causing a major rework way too late.--In this session, you will learn the main themes discovered--in interviews with over 100 chief learning officers and instructional designers--addressing feedback cycles for video content. Attendees will be provided a--series of best practices that can help reduce the frustration involved with--this process. Additionally, attendees will see a live demo of TechSmith Video--Review, a new tool designed specifically for designers and developers creating--videos. With this tool, reviewers can leave time-anchored comments and mark up--the video using drawing tools as they watch. Making it simpler for reviewers--leads to faster turnaround times and quick project completions.--In this session, you--will learn:----The importance of proper feedback loops in the--video development process--How to get feedback on video content being--developed that is actionable and useful--The insights shared by numerous training--executives and practitioners related to reviewing video content--How to utilize new tools to simplify and--streamline feedback loops during video creation--How to consolidate and manage feedback on videos--in a single secure location----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--Videos, mobile, TechSmith Camtasia, TechSmith Snagit, and TechSmith--Video Review.------------Daniel Wittenborn--Product Strategy Manager TechSmith Corporation--Daniel Wittenborn is a senior product strategy manager with TechSmith Corporation. In this role, he is responsible for understanding how videos and images can best be used to educate and inform learners. Prior to joining TechSmith, Daniel spent eight years at The Boeing Company, most recently as a senior strategic business partner in the Learning, Training and Development organization. Daniel holds a PhD in technology with a specialization in education, as well as an MS in computer graphics technology, both from Purdue University. He also holds a BS in industrial technology from Southeast Missouri State University.------<    
TIME:2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:One of the keys to making effective training videos is to--gather feedback from stakeholders and colleagues along the way. However, the--headaches associated with this process can frustrate and deter even the best--content developers. The process can take longer than desired, feedback can be--provided on the wrong areas, and often feedback comes at the last minute,--causing a major rework way too late.--In this session, you will learn the main themes discovered--in interviews with over 100 chief learning officers and instructional designers--addressing feedback cycles for video content. Attendees will be provided a--series of best practices that can help reduce the frustration involved with--this process. Additionally, attendees will see a live demo of TechSmith Video--Review, a new tool designed specifically for designers and developers creating--videos. With this tool, reviewers can leave time-anchored comments and mark up--the video using drawing tools as they watch. Making it simpler for reviewers--leads to faster turnaround times and quick project completions.--In this session, you--will learn:----The importance of proper feedback loops in the--video development process--How to get feedback on video content being--developed that is actionable and useful--The insights shared by numerous training--executives and practitioners related to reviewing video content--How to utilize new tools to simplify and--streamline feedback loops during video creation--How to consolidate and manage feedback on videos--in a single secure location----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, and managers.--Technology discussed--in this session:--Videos, mobile, TechSmith Camtasia, TechSmith Snagit, and TechSmith--Video Review.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Daniel Wittenborn--Product Strategy Manager TechSmith Corporation

SPEAKER_BIO:Daniel Wittenborn is a senior product strategy manager with TechSmith Corporation. In this role, he is responsible for understanding how videos and images can best be used to educate and inform learners. Prior to joining TechSmith, Daniel spent eight years at The Boeing Company, most recently as a senior strategic business partner in the Learning, Training and Development organization. Daniel holds a PhD in technology with a specialization in education, as well as an MS in computer graphics technology, both from Purdue University. He also holds a BS in industrial technology from Southeast Missouri State University.",Improve Your Videos with a Simplified Review Process - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SMNX106 Driving Innovation in Your Training and Development Program------------3:15 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Management Xchange Stage------------What is innovation? How do you recognize it? Most importantly,--how do you continuously innovate in your training design and pedagogy? Come find--answers to these questions and more, and walk away with new ideas that will help--you drive innovation in your training and development programs.--This session will help you see the difference between “what works”--and “innovation” and understand how to move toward innovation. The evidence tells--you what works—your creativity tells you what might work, but innovation creates--the evidence of what actually does work.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to apply IDEAS pedagogy--How to use thinking and creative tools--How to include reflection in training and reward--discovery--How to use teams and project-based learning to foster--innovation----Audience: --Intermediate to advanced designers, managers, trainers, and--others in L&D, HR, and staff development.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Blackboard solutions.------------Darcy Hardy --Associate Vice President  Blackboard--Darcy W. Hardy is an associate vice president for enterprise consulting at Blackboard. With over 25 years of experience in higher education distance and online learning, she leads a team of nationally recognized experts in eLearning and distance education. She holds a PhD. Previously, Darcy was assistant vice provost for technology education initiatives at the University of Texas at San Antonio, assistant vice chancellor for academic affairs at the University of Texas System, and executive director of the UT TeleCampus. She also served as an Intergovernmental Personnel Act (IPA) appointment at the US Department of Labor and Department of Education in Washington, DC. ------<    
TIME:3:15 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:What is innovation? How do you recognize it? Most importantly,--how do you continuously innovate in your training design and pedagogy? Come find--answers to these questions and more, and walk away with new ideas that will help--you drive innovation in your training and development programs.--This session will help you see the difference between “what works”--and “innovation” and understand how to move toward innovation. The evidence tells--you what works—your creativity tells you what might work, but innovation creates--the evidence of what actually does work.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to apply IDEAS pedagogy--How to use thinking and creative tools--How to include reflection in training and reward--discovery--How to use teams and project-based learning to foster--innovation----Audience: --Intermediate to advanced designers, managers, trainers, and--others in L&D, HR, and staff development.--Technology discussed in--this session:--Blackboard solutions.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Darcy Hardy --Associate Vice President  Blackboard

SPEAKER_BIO:Darcy W. Hardy is an associate vice president for enterprise consulting at Blackboard. With over 25 years of experience in higher education distance and online learning, she leads a team of nationally recognized experts in eLearning and distance education. She holds a PhD. Previously, Darcy was assistant vice provost for technology education initiatives at the University of Texas at San Antonio, assistant vice chancellor for academic affairs at the University of Texas System, and executive director of the UT TeleCampus. She also served as an Intergovernmental Personnel Act (IPA) appointment at the US Department of Labor and Department of Education in Washington, DC. ",Driving Innovation in Your Training and Development Program - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SMNX201 Give Your Organization the Freedom to Innovate------------10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: Management Xchange Stage------------Highly customized learning platforms may sound like an inherently--good thing. But what if those customizations are patching holes rather than tailoring--the performance of your learning solution to your organization’s needs? These kinds--of patches and workarounds can hinder a learning professional’s ability to innovate.--In the rapidly evolving world of digital learning, the freedom to innovate is essential--for a sustainable, scalable, and efficient learning program. --By leveraging open-source solutions, organizations can adapt--a completely supported system to their evolving business needs. In this session,--Totara partner Remote-Learner will detail how they helped the Pennsylvania Coalition--Against Domestic Violence to reimagine what their nationally renowned training could--be. Along the way, attendees will learn how to increase the likelihood of success,--how to minimize the likelihood of confusion, how to organize the segmentation of--learner audiences, and how to improve the efficiency of learning administration.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to increase the likelihood of success through--strong project scoping--How to minimize the likelihood of organizational--turmoil through strong implementation practices--How to organize the segmentation of learner audiences--for efficient content delivery--How to improve the efficiency of learning administration--through sound system design----Audience: --Intermediate to advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders--(VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Totara Learn (desktop view).------------------Daniel Vecchi--VP of Channel Operations, Americas Totara Learning--Daniel Vecchi is a vice president of channel operations at Totara Learning, --supporting the Totara Partner Network across the Americas. As an established --leader in internationalization, Daniel has successfully led teams into new and --competitive markets developing complex projects with multiple stakeholders --in the private sector, government, and educational institutions. Having spent --most of his life and career working in new countries in the Western --Hemisphere, Daniel speaks English and Spanish. He holds an MA in --international relations and economics from Johns Hopkins School of Advanced --International Studies.----------------Charles Ackerman--Manager, Managed Solutions Remote-Learner--Charles Ackerman is a manager of managed solutions at Remote-Learner. He leads the solutions architects team responsible for the design and implementation of tailored, fully integrated digital learning environments consistent with the goals and business rules of Remote-Learner clients. Charles has a master of science degree in human resource development and has been designing learning solutions for Remote-Learner clients since 2011. Prior to joining Remote-Learner, he spent seven years as a classroom teacher. ------------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Highly customized learning platforms may sound like an inherently--good thing. But what if those customizations are patching holes rather than tailoring--the performance of your learning solution to your organization’s needs? These kinds--of patches and workarounds can hinder a learning professional’s ability to innovate.--In the rapidly evolving world of digital learning, the freedom to innovate is essential--for a sustainable, scalable, and efficient learning program. --By leveraging open-source solutions, organizations can adapt--a completely supported system to their evolving business needs. In this session,--Totara partner Remote-Learner will detail how they helped the Pennsylvania Coalition--Against Domestic Violence to reimagine what their nationally renowned training could--be. Along the way, attendees will learn how to increase the likelihood of success,--how to minimize the likelihood of confusion, how to organize the segmentation of--learner audiences, and how to improve the efficiency of learning administration.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to increase the likelihood of success through--strong project scoping--How to minimize the likelihood of organizational--turmoil through strong implementation practices--How to organize the segmentation of learner audiences--for efficient content delivery--How to improve the efficiency of learning administration--through sound system design----Audience: --Intermediate to advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders--(VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Totara Learn (desktop view).


SPEAKER_NAME:Charles Ackerman--Manager, Managed Solutions Remote-Learner"

SPEAKER_BIO:Charles Ackerman is a manager of managed solutions at Remote-Learner. He leads the solutions architects team responsible for the design and implementation of tailored, fully integrated digital learning environments consistent with the goals and business rules of Remote-Learner clients. Charles has a master of science degree in human resource development and has been designing learning solutions for Remote-Learner clients since 2011. Prior to joining Remote-Learner, he spent seven years as a classroom teacher. ",Give Your Organization the Freedom to Innovate - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SMNX202 Perception to Reality: Proving Your Training’s Value------------11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: Management Xchange Stage------------In a world of perpetually shifting--priorities and uncertain outlooks, it’s important to prove the value of your--work to your clients and stakeholders. We rarely have the resources we need to--do effective analysis before and after training, which leads many in management--to view training as just an expendable expense rather than an investment. How--can we, as learning professionals, change that reality?--In this session, you will learn--how you can address this issue by using expectations and practical, on-the-spot--analytics to change perceptions about training. Your clients, stakeholders, and--learners may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them--feel. Show them the value that you, your team, and your training bring to the--table by giving them what they need to believe.--In this--session, you will learn:----The importance of--perceived value--Multiple practical--methods to quantify the value of your training, including satisfaction, impact,--and more--How to use return on--expectations (ROE) in place of and alongside return on investment (ROI)--Strategies for--communicating with clients and stakeholders on the value and effectiveness of--your training programs----Audience: --Novice--to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology--discussed in this session:--Articulate Storyline, Adobe Creative Cloud, TechSmith--Camtasia, Salesforce, G Suite, Google Analytics, Microsoft Office Suite.------------------John Wurch--President and CEO JPW Consulting--John Wurch is the president and CEO of JPW Consulting, which he founded in 1998 to provide premium training and high-quality courseware to corporate clients. John’s role includes viewing the horizon of learning best practices and taking the best practices and incorporating them into specific and actionable training programs. He frequently speaks at Salesforce.com events, as well as PMI chapter events around adoption best practices utilizing JPW’s adoption playbook. In addition, John frequently engages directly with clients to ensure project success is met. John holds an MBA, as well as PMP certification.------------------Shawn Zuratovic--Developer JPW Consulting--Shawn Zuratovic, a developer at JPW consulting, is an instructional designer and learning consultant who specializes in designing, developing, and delivering innovative learning solutions utilizing the latest and greatest eLearning and analytics technology. Shawn works with organizations of all industries, sizes, and locations, from small local startups to global giants. ------------<    
TIME:11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:In a world of perpetually shifting--priorities and uncertain outlooks, it’s important to prove the value of your--work to your clients and stakeholders. We rarely have the resources we need to--do effective analysis before and after training, which leads many in management--to view training as just an expendable expense rather than an investment. How--can we, as learning professionals, change that reality?--In this session, you will learn--how you can address this issue by using expectations and practical, on-the-spot--analytics to change perceptions about training. Your clients, stakeholders, and--learners may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them--feel. Show them the value that you, your team, and your training bring to the--table by giving them what they need to believe.--In this--session, you will learn:----The importance of--perceived value--Multiple practical--methods to quantify the value of your training, including satisfaction, impact,--and more--How to use return on--expectations (ROE) in place of and alongside return on investment (ROI)--Strategies for--communicating with clients and stakeholders on the value and effectiveness of--your training programs----Audience: --Novice--to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology--discussed in this session:--Articulate Storyline, Adobe Creative Cloud, TechSmith--Camtasia, Salesforce, G Suite, Google Analytics, Microsoft Office Suite.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Shawn Zuratovic--Developer JPW Consulting

SPEAKER_BIO:Shawn Zuratovic, a developer at JPW consulting, is an instructional designer and learning consultant who specializes in designing, developing, and delivering innovative learning solutions utilizing the latest and greatest eLearning and analytics technology. Shawn works with organizations of all industries, sizes, and locations, from small local startups to global giants. ",Perception to Reality: Proving Your Training’s Value - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SMNX203 Learning Like Tribes: A Knowledge Expansion Model------------12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: Management Xchange Stage------------For thousands of years, knowledge has been the catalyst for--growth, providing organized groups of individuals a competitive advantage.--Awareness, insight, and discernment became essential for groups to progress and--lead, and that same principle shapes today’s successful organizations. One of--the main challenges that organizations face is aligning business objectives--with employees’ ambitions. Clustering individuals and calling them a group--doesn’t necessarily guarantee they’ll meet learning goals or the company’s--expectations. The assimilation of knowledge depends on many factors, and even--when you can granularly customize training, you still need to make it--applicable to the collective goal.--In this session, you’ll take a deep dive into the--fundamentals of tribal learning and how this can help you build stronger and--focused groups: a solid model that works today for the most successful--organizations. When taking a tribal approach to learning, you are compelled to--direct your efforts toward the common goal. Learning from the way tribes learn--promotes creative thinking and fosters authentic collaboration, strengthening--collective learning without undermining individual accomplishments.--Storytelling is still considered one of the most effective knowledge delivery--mechanisms; stories not only teach but bolster human connection and build up--culture and values. You will also learn how games were utilized, the effects of--recognition, and how you can implement these tactics as members of the modern--tribe. The main takeaway will be a practical assessment model that will allow--you to identify learning opportunities and appraise the current state of your “tribe.”----In this session, you--will learn:----How to identify your learning tribes--The basic principles of tribal learning--About the balance between formal and informal--learning --About innovative storytelling techniques--Social sharing methods for corporate training----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Some examples of modern-day storytelling, interactive video,--and Klaxoon.-- ------------Dan Gizzi--VP of Business Development Learning Tribes--Dan Gizzi is the VP of business Development for Learning Tribes. Dan has worked at the forefront of technology and education for more than a decade. He moved from sales representative to become director of retention solutions at Pearsons, where he partnered with private sector institutions to redesign their offerings for students who weren’t ready to begin college-level courses. In his position with Learning Tribes, Dan continues his path of empowering professionals to reach their maximum potential as they work towards their company’s goals.--------<    
TIME:12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:For thousands of years, knowledge has been the catalyst for--growth, providing organized groups of individuals a competitive advantage.--Awareness, insight, and discernment became essential for groups to progress and--lead, and that same principle shapes today’s successful organizations. One of--the main challenges that organizations face is aligning business objectives--with employees’ ambitions. Clustering individuals and calling them a group--doesn’t necessarily guarantee they’ll meet learning goals or the company’s--expectations. The assimilation of knowledge depends on many factors, and even--when you can granularly customize training, you still need to make it--applicable to the collective goal.--In this session, you’ll take a deep dive into the--fundamentals of tribal learning and how this can help you build stronger and--focused groups: a solid model that works today for the most successful--organizations. When taking a tribal approach to learning, you are compelled to--direct your efforts toward the common goal. Learning from the way tribes learn--promotes creative thinking and fosters authentic collaboration, strengthening--collective learning without undermining individual accomplishments.--Storytelling is still considered one of the most effective knowledge delivery--mechanisms; stories not only teach but bolster human connection and build up--culture and values. You will also learn how games were utilized, the effects of--recognition, and how you can implement these tactics as members of the modern--tribe. The main takeaway will be a practical assessment model that will allow--you to identify learning opportunities and appraise the current state of your “tribe.”----In this session, you--will learn:----How to identify your learning tribes--The basic principles of tribal learning--About the balance between formal and informal--learning --About innovative storytelling techniques--Social sharing methods for corporate training----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Some examples of modern-day storytelling, interactive video,--and Klaxoon.-- ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Dan Gizzi--VP of Business Development Learning Tribes

SPEAKER_BIO:Dan Gizzi is the VP of business Development for Learning Tribes. Dan has worked at the forefront of technology and education for more than a decade. He moved from sales representative to become director of retention solutions at Pearsons, where he partnered with private sector institutions to redesign their offerings for students who weren’t ready to begin college-level courses. In his position with Learning Tribes, Dan continues his path of empowering professionals to reach their maximum potential as they work towards their company’s goals.,Learning Like Tribes: A Knowledge Expansion Model - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SMNX204 Working with SMEs: Hard-Knock Lessons Learned ------------1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: Management Xchange Stage------------Subject matter experts (SMEs) are the keepers of knowledge and--know-how, but working with them can be a challenging experience. How do you get--the SME to share their knowledge and know-how with you? What should you do if--the SME provides too much information—or not enough? --In this session, you will explore real-life scenarios to learn how--to interact with SMEs to obtain content, and come away with a game plan on how--to approach your next project. To accomplish this, you will explore tips on how--to build relationships with the SME, identify various approaches to obtain--content, and formulate a plan to recognize what worked or did not work with a particular--SME to make future adjustments.--In--this session, you will learn:----To utilize a three-step approach to--working with SMEs--Ways to build a relationship with SMEs--Various approaches to obtain content--from SMEs--To recognize what worked or did not--work with a particular SME to make future adjustments----Audience:----Novice and intermediate designers.------------Marlena Sanchez--Instructional Developer Curbell Plastics--Marlena Sanchez is an instructional developer for Curbell Plastics. She --works with subject matter experts to create and transition instructor---led training (ILT) into online learning, infuses ILT with technology, and --authors content to meet learning and performance needs. She has --created courses for digitallearn.org, been published in Learning --Solutions, and was awarded Best of Show Non-Vendor at The --eLearning Guild’s FocusOn Learning DemoFest in 2016. Marlena holds --an undergraduate degree is in history from Cleveland State University --and a Master’s degree in learning design and technology from Purdue.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Subject matter experts (SMEs) are the keepers of knowledge and--know-how, but working with them can be a challenging experience. How do you get--the SME to share their knowledge and know-how with you? What should you do if--the SME provides too much information—or not enough? --In this session, you will explore real-life scenarios to learn how--to interact with SMEs to obtain content, and come away with a game plan on how--to approach your next project. To accomplish this, you will explore tips on how--to build relationships with the SME, identify various approaches to obtain--content, and formulate a plan to recognize what worked or did not work with a particular--SME to make future adjustments.--In--this session, you will learn:----To utilize a three-step approach to--working with SMEs--Ways to build a relationship with SMEs--Various approaches to obtain content--from SMEs--To recognize what worked or did not--work with a particular SME to make future adjustments----Audience:----Novice and intermediate designers.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Marlena Sanchez--Instructional Developer Curbell Plastics

SPEAKER_BIO:Marlena Sanchez is an instructional developer for Curbell Plastics. She --works with subject matter experts to create and transition instructor---led training (ILT) into online learning, infuses ILT with technology, and --authors content to meet learning and performance needs. She has --created courses for digitallearn.org, been published in Learning --Solutions, and was awarded Best of Show Non-Vendor at The --eLearning Guild’s FocusOn Learning DemoFest in 2016. Marlena holds --an undergraduate degree is in history from Cleveland State University --and a Master’s degree in learning design and technology from Purdue.",Working with SMEs: Hard-Knock Lessons Learned - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SMNX205 Keeping an Agile Workforce in the Digital Age------------2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: Management Xchange Stage------------Digital transformation is accelerating at an exponential--pace. While it disrupts old ways of doing things, it also opens up new avenues--of innovation, efficiency, and connectivity. As complexity increases, you have--the opportunity to use tech to support your performance, to learn, share ideas,--and innovate. This requires thinking differently about how you digitally design--your learning and interactions. Agility depends on it. --In this session, you will explore ways you can use digital--learning design to make learning the way you work, to unleash the collective--intelligence in your organizational community, and to build powerful learning--organizations—essential for agility in the digital age. You will examine recent,--tangible examples from Mars, Inc. and how it successfully designed digital--learning enterprise-wide.--In this session, you--will learn:----About the role that talent leaders must play as--architects of agility in the digital age--How digital learning is essential to support--performance and catalyze a culture of curiosity--About the building blocks of digital learning--through key use cases at Mars--A road map for building digital capability in--your organization----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--EdCast, an organizational “knowledge cloud.”------------------Mimi Williams--lobal Curriculum Design Director Mars, Inc.--Mimi Williams is the Global Curriculum Design Director at Mars, Inc. She is an expert at building and customizing measurement strategies and has over seven years’ experience in curriculum development.------------------Patricia Robertson--Chief Knowledge Officer EdCast--Patricia Robertson is the chief knowledge officer at EdCast. She is experienced in strategic planning, innovation, organizational development, and learning, working with Fortune 100s, private enterprises, and nonprofits across sectors including healthcare, energy, technology, and higher education. Patty implemented EdCast while head of professional and leadership development and enterprise digital learning innovation at Shire and serving on EdX’s advisory board. She led MIT’s two largest custom executive education programs—the BP Operations Academy and Accenture’s Technology Academy—delivering blended, distance learning programs globally, and she led two startups: an alternative medicine network, Wellspace, and an MIT Media Lab digital identity company, Presto.------------<    
TIME:2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Digital transformation is accelerating at an exponential--pace. While it disrupts old ways of doing things, it also opens up new avenues--of innovation, efficiency, and connectivity. As complexity increases, you have--the opportunity to use tech to support your performance, to learn, share ideas,--and innovate. This requires thinking differently about how you digitally design--your learning and interactions. Agility depends on it. --In this session, you will explore ways you can use digital--learning design to make learning the way you work, to unleash the collective--intelligence in your organizational community, and to build powerful learning--organizations—essential for agility in the digital age. You will examine recent,--tangible examples from Mars, Inc. and how it successfully designed digital--learning enterprise-wide.--In this session, you--will learn:----About the role that talent leaders must play as--architects of agility in the digital age--How digital learning is essential to support--performance and catalyze a culture of curiosity--About the building blocks of digital learning--through key use cases at Mars--A road map for building digital capability in--your organization----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--EdCast, an organizational “knowledge cloud.”,

SPEAKER_NAME:Patricia Robertson--Chief Knowledge Officer EdCast

SPEAKER_BIO:Patricia Robertson is the chief knowledge officer at EdCast. She is experienced in strategic planning, innovation, organizational development, and learning, working with Fortune 100s, private enterprises, and nonprofits across sectors including healthcare, energy, technology, and higher education. Patty implemented EdCast while head of professional and leadership development and enterprise digital learning innovation at Shire and serving on EdX’s advisory board. She led MIT’s two largest custom executive education programs—the BP Operations Academy and Accenture’s Technology Academy—delivering blended, distance learning programs globally, and she led two startups: an alternative medicine network, Wellspace, and an MIT Media Lab digital identity company, Presto.",Keeping an Agile Workforce in the Digital Age - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:STRS201 Speeding Up Your Workflow with Articulate 360------------10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: Strategic Solutions Stage------------Articulate knows that eLearning developers face big challenges.--You’re asked to create engaging courses for any device, develop gorgeous eLearning--on a budget, and get projects approved on a tight schedule. And you may not have--access to the budget, resources, and support you need to do your best work. --Articulate 360 is a simple subscription that includes everything--you need for course development. In this session, you’ll learn how to speed up your--workflow with the award-winning authoring apps in Articulate 360, Storyline 360--and Rise. You’ll see how you can develop engaging courses that work on every device—without--any manual tweaking. You’ll learn how to save time by sourcing assets from Content--Library, a library of over three million photos, templates, characters, videos,--and more. Then you’ll see how you can simplify project reviews with Articulate Review,--a web app where stakeholders can provide consolidated feedback. --In this session, you will--learn:----How to quickly and easily create custom, interactive--eLearning with Storyline 360--How easy it is to create polished, responsive eLearning--with Rise, the web-based authoring app in Articulate 360--How to easily find the assets you need for your projects--in Content Library--How to streamline project reviews with Articulate--Review----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate 360 apps, including Storyline 360, Rise, Content Library,--and Articulate Review.------------Trina Rimmer--Community Manager Articulate--Trina Rimmer is a community manager with Articulate, where she uses her many years of eLearning design and development expertise to nurture and grow the E-Learning Heroes community. Before joining Articulate, she worked as a designer, eLearning developer, and writer focused on delivering engaging, effective learning and performance solutions to various companies, from global aid organizations to Fortune 500s.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Articulate knows that eLearning developers face big challenges.--You’re asked to create engaging courses for any device, develop gorgeous eLearning--on a budget, and get projects approved on a tight schedule. And you may not have--access to the budget, resources, and support you need to do your best work. --Articulate 360 is a simple subscription that includes everything--you need for course development. In this session, you’ll learn how to speed up your--workflow with the award-winning authoring apps in Articulate 360, Storyline 360--and Rise. You’ll see how you can develop engaging courses that work on every device—without--any manual tweaking. You’ll learn how to save time by sourcing assets from Content--Library, a library of over three million photos, templates, characters, videos,--and more. Then you’ll see how you can simplify project reviews with Articulate Review,--a web app where stakeholders can provide consolidated feedback. --In this session, you will--learn:----How to quickly and easily create custom, interactive--eLearning with Storyline 360--How easy it is to create polished, responsive eLearning--with Rise, the web-based authoring app in Articulate 360--How to easily find the assets you need for your projects--in Content Library--How to streamline project reviews with Articulate--Review----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate 360 apps, including Storyline 360, Rise, Content Library,--and Articulate Review.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Trina Rimmer--Community Manager Articulate

SPEAKER_BIO:Trina Rimmer is a community manager with Articulate, where she uses her many years of eLearning design and development expertise to nurture and grow the E-Learning Heroes community. Before joining Articulate, she worked as a designer, eLearning developer, and writer focused on delivering engaging, effective learning and performance solutions to various companies, from global aid organizations to Fortune 500s.",Speeding Up Your Workflow with Articulate 360 - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:STRS102 5 Activities that Maximize Impact for Instructor-Led Training------------11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Strategic Solutions Stage------------Instructor-led training is where over 50 percent of employee--development happens. But it’s difficult to achieve employees’ buy-in if their direct--managers aren’t sold on its importance. It can also be hard to capture and measure--employee engagement in the session—especially when there are hundreds of instructors--running sessions. It’s even more difficult to ensure behavioral changes stick long--after the session ends. This session will introduce five practical tactics you--can incorporate today—fast activities that increase manager buy-in before--training, maximize engagement and learning during training, and magically--transform into employee-created job aids after training. --In this session, you’ll be speed-walked through five tried-and-true--activities any CLO, instructor, or instructional designer can deploy to an entire--team of instructors. You’ll learn exactly how to incorporate them before, during,--and after instructor-led training. Specifically, you will learn how to create and--deploy a strategic survey that increases manager buy-in before training; a strategic--survey that sets employee expectations before training; a “silent discussion” or--Q&A technique to use during training; an advice wall employees create during--training; and a way to instantly transform training activities into employee-created--job aids. You will walk through the why and how of each training activity, so--that at the end of the session, you can immediately add them to your toolbox. --In this session, you will--learn:----Practical ways to gauge manager expectations for--ILT and increase manager buy-in--How to create anticipation in employees, to make--ILT feel like a privileged event--How to increase participation and honest feedback--during ILT--How to foster camaraderie and knowledge-sharing in--ILT--How to extend the positive impact of ILT beyond the--session----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Microsoft PowerPoint and Poll Everywhere.------------Matthew Du Pont--Enterprise Account Executive Poll Everywhere--Matthew Du Pont, an enterprise account executive at Poll Everywhere, cares about helping presenters keep everyone’s attention. He has led many trainings and webinars for three main audiences: learning and development teams, while working at Poll Everywhere; job seekers, while coaching executives on career searches; and high school girls, as a Girls Who Code instructor. Matt is an experienced and entertaining speaker. He won Yale’s Henry James TenEyck award for public speaking, as well as BAHfest West, a competition to defend incorrect, funny scientific theories. ------<    
TIME:11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Instructor-led training is where over 50 percent of employee--development happens. But it’s difficult to achieve employees’ buy-in if their direct--managers aren’t sold on its importance. It can also be hard to capture and measure--employee engagement in the session—especially when there are hundreds of instructors--running sessions. It’s even more difficult to ensure behavioral changes stick long--after the session ends. This session will introduce five practical tactics you--can incorporate today—fast activities that increase manager buy-in before--training, maximize engagement and learning during training, and magically--transform into employee-created job aids after training. --In this session, you’ll be speed-walked through five tried-and-true--activities any CLO, instructor, or instructional designer can deploy to an entire--team of instructors. You’ll learn exactly how to incorporate them before, during,--and after instructor-led training. Specifically, you will learn how to create and--deploy a strategic survey that increases manager buy-in before training; a strategic--survey that sets employee expectations before training; a “silent discussion” or--Q&A technique to use during training; an advice wall employees create during--training; and a way to instantly transform training activities into employee-created--job aids. You will walk through the why and how of each training activity, so--that at the end of the session, you can immediately add them to your toolbox. --In this session, you will--learn:----Practical ways to gauge manager expectations for--ILT and increase manager buy-in--How to create anticipation in employees, to make--ILT feel like a privileged event--How to increase participation and honest feedback--during ILT--How to foster camaraderie and knowledge-sharing in--ILT--How to extend the positive impact of ILT beyond the--session----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Microsoft PowerPoint and Poll Everywhere.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Matthew Du Pont--Enterprise Account Executive Poll Everywhere

SPEAKER_BIO:Matthew Du Pont, an enterprise account executive at Poll Everywhere, cares about helping presenters keep everyone’s attention. He has led many trainings and webinars for three main audiences: learning and development teams, while working at Poll Everywhere; job seekers, while coaching executives on career searches; and high school girls, as a Girls Who Code instructor. Matt is an experienced and entertaining speaker. He won Yale’s Henry James TenEyck award for public speaking, as well as BAHfest West, a competition to defend incorrect, funny scientific theories. ",5 Activities that Maximize Impact for Instructor-Led Training - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:STRS103 Learning Ecosystem Success: 5 Plain and Simple Smart Hacks------------12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Strategic Solutions Stage------------Learning is an intrinsically human activity that happens in--many places and in many ways. It doesn’t matter how great or feature-rich any--one learning system is; learning will never happen in just one place. The--modern learning ecosystem not only recognizes this reality but embraces it to--support the learner wherever and however he or she learns best.--Getting started on the journey to a learning ecosystem can--seem daunting. So technical, so expensive, so involved and exhausting! But it--doesn’t have to be. In fact, you’ll learn five smart hacks for making your--journey towards a more mature learning ecosystem easier. These are simple, do-able--hacks. You’ll start with a definition of a learning ecosystem—both for beginners--and advanced audiences—and get into real, simple, tactical activities you can--consider now.--In--this session, you will learn:----A functional definition of what a--learning ecosystem is and the reasons companies are implementing them.--To choose interoperable tools to begin--with. Even if you’re not jumping into an ecosystem yet, put interoperability on--your requirements checklist for any systems you pick up. You’ll be so happy--later down the line.--To set up a learning record store (LRS).--An LRS sets you up to future-proof and standardize your data.--To make measurement part of your--world. The old carpenter’s adage says, “Measure twice, cut once.”--To have single sign on (SSO) in place.--It gives your learners a seamless experience and standardizes reporting.--To have a “launch-support-improve”--campaign. It’s more than adoption at this point, it’s about using the learning--ecosystem for one of its key advantages—setting you up for continuous--improvement.----Audience:----Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.). --Technology--discussed in this session:--N/A------------Rose Benedicks--Strategic Consulting Lead LEO Learning--Rose Benedicks, a strategic consulting lead at LEO Learning, has more than 15 years of experience crafting training systems and L&D strategies, specializing in problem-based learning and performance-driven solutions. With a master’s in instructional systems technology from Indiana University, Rose is a leading presenter for LEO Learning. Her work has been awarded a Gold Brandon Hall Award, The eLearning Guild’s Best Sales Training and Best of Show—Vendor Awards, ATD’s AXIS Performance Improvement Award, and in 2011, she was named one of Elliott Masie’s Top 30 Under 30 Learning Professionals. She has worked with global organizations including McDonald’s, Anheuser-Busch, Cigna, Microsoft, and others.------<    
TIME:12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Learning is an intrinsically human activity that happens in--many places and in many ways. It doesn’t matter how great or feature-rich any--one learning system is; learning will never happen in just one place. The--modern learning ecosystem not only recognizes this reality but embraces it to--support the learner wherever and however he or she learns best.--Getting started on the journey to a learning ecosystem can--seem daunting. So technical, so expensive, so involved and exhausting! But it--doesn’t have to be. In fact, you’ll learn five smart hacks for making your--journey towards a more mature learning ecosystem easier. These are simple, do-able--hacks. You’ll start with a definition of a learning ecosystem—both for beginners--and advanced audiences—and get into real, simple, tactical activities you can--consider now.--In--this session, you will learn:----A functional definition of what a--learning ecosystem is and the reasons companies are implementing them.--To choose interoperable tools to begin--with. Even if you’re not jumping into an ecosystem yet, put interoperability on--your requirements checklist for any systems you pick up. You’ll be so happy--later down the line.--To set up a learning record store (LRS).--An LRS sets you up to future-proof and standardize your data.--To make measurement part of your--world. The old carpenter’s adage says, “Measure twice, cut once.”--To have single sign on (SSO) in place.--It gives your learners a seamless experience and standardizes reporting.--To have a “launch-support-improve”--campaign. It’s more than adoption at this point, it’s about using the learning--ecosystem for one of its key advantages—setting you up for continuous--improvement.----Audience:----Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.). --Technology--discussed in this session:--N/A,

SPEAKER_NAME:Rose Benedicks--Strategic Consulting Lead LEO Learning

SPEAKER_BIO:Rose Benedicks, a strategic consulting lead at LEO Learning, has more than 15 years of experience crafting training systems and L&D strategies, specializing in problem-based learning and performance-driven solutions. With a master’s in instructional systems technology from Indiana University, Rose is a leading presenter for LEO Learning. Her work has been awarded a Gold Brandon Hall Award, The eLearning Guild’s Best Sales Training and Best of Show—Vendor Awards, ATD’s AXIS Performance Improvement Award, and in 2011, she was named one of Elliott Masie’s Top 30 Under 30 Learning Professionals. She has worked with global organizations including McDonald’s, Anheuser-Busch, Cigna, Microsoft, and others.",Learning Ecosystem Success: 5 Plain and Simple Smart Hacks - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:STRS104 Frictionless Learning Ecosystems: What Are They, and How Do You Create One? ------------1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Strategic Solutions Stage------------Companies spend billions of dollars trying to understand consumer--behavior, but the L&D groups in these same organizations may not be--leveraging those insights and strategies to reach their learners. If you look--at your learning solutions as a product that you want your learners to consume,--where are you creating friction that discourages those learning consumers? And--what can you do about it?--In this session, you’ll examine the Fogg Behavior Model and the--ideas around “frictionless commerce,” and apply them to your learning--organization. You’ll leave this session with a friction assessment of your--learning ecosystem, along with a toolkit of strategies you can explore to--eliminate that friction in your organization. Moreover, you’ll leave with a new--perspective on your learners and their motivations, and how you can best reach--them. --In--this session, you will learn:----How to use the Fogg Behavior Model to--identify points of friction in your learning ecosystem--How to translate the five pain points--of frictionless commerce to your learning ecosystem--Opportunities for improvement in your--learning ecosystem--How to identify potential solutions to--the friction in your learning ecosystem----Audience:----Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.). --Technology--discussed in this session:--xAPI, Netflix.------ -------------------- ----------------Jeremy Roberts--Chief Learning Officer Infinitude Creative Group--Jeremy Roberts is the chief learning officer at Infinitude Creative Group, a learning agency that develops custom learning solutions. Jeremy started his career as a change management and communication consultant, enamored with the power of words. He soon moved into the learning space, and for the last eight years has been exploring the influences of marketing and behavioral psychology on the learning space. ------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Companies spend billions of dollars trying to understand consumer--behavior, but the L&D groups in these same organizations may not be--leveraging those insights and strategies to reach their learners. If you look--at your learning solutions as a product that you want your learners to consume,--where are you creating friction that discourages those learning consumers? And--what can you do about it?--In this session, you’ll examine the Fogg Behavior Model and the--ideas around “frictionless commerce,” and apply them to your learning--organization. You’ll leave this session with a friction assessment of your--learning ecosystem, along with a toolkit of strategies you can explore to--eliminate that friction in your organization. Moreover, you’ll leave with a new--perspective on your learners and their motivations, and how you can best reach--them. --In--this session, you will learn:----How to use the Fogg Behavior Model to--identify points of friction in your learning ecosystem--How to translate the five pain points--of frictionless commerce to your learning ecosystem--Opportunities for improvement in your--learning ecosystem--How to identify potential solutions to--the friction in your learning ecosystem----Audience:----Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.). --Technology--discussed in this session:--xAPI, Netflix.------ -------------------- ----,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jeremy Roberts--Chief Learning Officer Infinitude Creative Group

SPEAKER_BIO:Jeremy Roberts is the chief learning officer at Infinitude Creative Group, a learning agency that develops custom learning solutions. Jeremy started his career as a change management and communication consultant, enamored with the power of words. He soon moved into the learning space, and for the last eight years has been exploring the influences of marketing and behavioral psychology on the learning space. "
Frictionless Learning Ecosystems: What Are They, and How Do You Create One? - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:STRS105 Is a Learning Content Management System Right for You?------------2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Strategic Solutions Stage------------Modern learning and development (L&D) organizations make--it a priority to improve employees’ skills and enhance knowledge—not yearly or--monthly, but continuously. These successful organizations have moved away from--disconnected, rigid courses and instead enabled flexible, multipurpose, agile--learning content. By ensuring their learning content is rich, dynamic, and--personalized, they provide their teams with the tools to drive their own--learning. As a result, the value of every content asset is maximized and--production is streamlined. But many organizations have struggled for years to--find a way to enable this dynamic learning. Often, learning content is stored--in silos, making it difficult to find and reuse. Reviewing and updating courses--is time-consuming, creating derivative courses is problematic, and version--control is a nightmare. Distributing learning content in multiple formats--(SCORM, PDF, EPUB, HTML, XML, etc.) requires painstaking rework. Sound--familiar?--Adopting a learning content management system (LCMS) can--help you resolve these challenges by removing content silos; enriching your content--assets to make them more discoverable and reusable; streamlining the course--development, editing, and review processes; ensuring courses meet quality--standards; and enabling team members to easily publish learning content across--multiple channels. Join this session to learn how the right LCMS can benefit--your organization—and your employees.--In this session, you--will learn:----What a learning content management system (LCMS)--is --The difference between an LMS and an LCMS--How an LCMS can help you to better store,--enrich, discover, assemble, reuse, analyze, and disseminate your learning--content--What an LCMS does and how it works--Whether an LCMS is right for your organization----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Ixxus Learning Content Management System (LCMS).------------------Tim Bowen--Sr. Director, Information & Content Services Ixxus--Tim Bowen is a senior director of information and content services at Ixxus, responsible for the development, management, and marketing of Ixxus’ licensing and content services for the K-12, higher ed, and corporate learning markets. Tim has over 20 years of product management, product marketing, and channels marketing experience. Previously, he worked at Genuity, Cabletron Systems, Digital Equipment Corporation, and Nashua Corporation. He holds a BS in business administration from Plymouth State University and an MBA from Southern New Hampshire University.------------------Stephen Casbeer--Principal Consultant Ixxus--Stephen Casbeer, a principal consultant at Ixxus, is a senior technology and business transformation specialist who has extensive experience with content operations, content management and delivery systems, and a wide range of editorial and production technologies. He has led global organizations and advised executives on adapting to and benefiting from rapid change in the information industry, encompassing issues of business and technology strategy, process re-engineering, and organizational design.------------<    
TIME:2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Modern learning and development (L&D) organizations make--it a priority to improve employees’ skills and enhance knowledge—not yearly or--monthly, but continuously. These successful organizations have moved away from--disconnected, rigid courses and instead enabled flexible, multipurpose, agile--learning content. By ensuring their learning content is rich, dynamic, and--personalized, they provide their teams with the tools to drive their own--learning. As a result, the value of every content asset is maximized and--production is streamlined. But many organizations have struggled for years to--find a way to enable this dynamic learning. Often, learning content is stored--in silos, making it difficult to find and reuse. Reviewing and updating courses--is time-consuming, creating derivative courses is problematic, and version--control is a nightmare. Distributing learning content in multiple formats--(SCORM, PDF, EPUB, HTML, XML, etc.) requires painstaking rework. Sound--familiar?--Adopting a learning content management system (LCMS) can--help you resolve these challenges by removing content silos; enriching your content--assets to make them more discoverable and reusable; streamlining the course--development, editing, and review processes; ensuring courses meet quality--standards; and enabling team members to easily publish learning content across--multiple channels. Join this session to learn how the right LCMS can benefit--your organization—and your employees.--In this session, you--will learn:----What a learning content management system (LCMS)--is --The difference between an LMS and an LCMS--How an LCMS can help you to better store,--enrich, discover, assemble, reuse, analyze, and disseminate your learning--content--What an LCMS does and how it works--Whether an LCMS is right for your organization----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Ixxus Learning Content Management System (LCMS).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Stephen Casbeer--Principal Consultant Ixxus

SPEAKER_BIO:Stephen Casbeer, a principal consultant at Ixxus, is a senior technology and business transformation specialist who has extensive experience with content operations, content management and delivery systems, and a wide range of editorial and production technologies. He has led global organizations and advised executives on adapting to and benefiting from rapid change in the information industry, encompassing issues of business and technology strategy, process re-engineering, and organizational design.",Is a Learning Content Management System Right for You? - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:STRS106 Insights from the Front Lines------------3:15 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Strategic Solutions Stage------------For an enormous number of organizations,--training requirements are still driven by urgency, the need for rapid development--and deployment, and the need to meet regulatory and management compliance requirements.--Many organizations are still in transition from face-to-face training and manual--tracking systems. This session will describe the simple procedures and best practices--you can enact that will work with any training platform while reducing your risk--of failure. --This session will illustrate--simple techniques for the rapid development and deployment of online training resources--and activities using anecdotes and statistical evidence drawn from a user base of--88,000 member organizations and 166,000 courses. The session is reflective of the--user base and demographics of the organizations that have used Udutu, and may not--represent all situations, but will be of interest to anyone curious about what goes--on in other training organizations around the world and how they deal with challenges.--The session will provide an easy-to-follow framework for agile course development,--and tips on how to leverage subject matter expertise and non-professionals to develop--engaging and interactive training resources.--In this session, you will--learn:----A simple rapid development and deployment methodology--Why compliance training still drives budgets and--frustrations--About training people external to your organization--How to take the risk out of transitioning from F2F--or a legacy learning system--About trends observed in 88,000 training organizations--around the world--How to use Windows Kiosk mode for offline learning--that must integrate with an online LMS----Audience: --Intermediate to advanced developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Browser-based learning activities on any device that supports--a browser. The session will also illustrate how an offline training program can--be integrated where bandwidth or connectivity issues are a problem. Most examples--of online course development will utilize the free Udutu authoring tool.------------Roger Mundell--Founder Udutu--Roger Mundell, the founder of Udutu, was an early pioneer in the online learning space. As the director of research and innovation at Royal Roads University from 1996 to 2005, he led research and demonstrated concepts such as reusable learning objects, adaptive learning, and gamification (as in decision-led branching, not Skinnerian rewards), and received numerous awards for learning innovation from around the world. Roger was a frequent speaker on the conference circuit until 2006, when he left the university to create Udutu with an unusual business model—to democratize online learning and enable the thousands of organizations that were cautious about online learning.------<    
TIME:3:15 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:For an enormous number of organizations,--training requirements are still driven by urgency, the need for rapid development--and deployment, and the need to meet regulatory and management compliance requirements.--Many organizations are still in transition from face-to-face training and manual--tracking systems. This session will describe the simple procedures and best practices--you can enact that will work with any training platform while reducing your risk--of failure. --This session will illustrate--simple techniques for the rapid development and deployment of online training resources--and activities using anecdotes and statistical evidence drawn from a user base of--88,000 member organizations and 166,000 courses. The session is reflective of the--user base and demographics of the organizations that have used Udutu, and may not--represent all situations, but will be of interest to anyone curious about what goes--on in other training organizations around the world and how they deal with challenges.--The session will provide an easy-to-follow framework for agile course development,--and tips on how to leverage subject matter expertise and non-professionals to develop--engaging and interactive training resources.--In this session, you will--learn:----A simple rapid development and deployment methodology--Why compliance training still drives budgets and--frustrations--About training people external to your organization--How to take the risk out of transitioning from F2F--or a legacy learning system--About trends observed in 88,000 training organizations--around the world--How to use Windows Kiosk mode for offline learning--that must integrate with an online LMS----Audience: --Intermediate to advanced developers, managers, and senior leaders--(directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Browser-based learning activities on any device that supports--a browser. The session will also illustrate how an offline training program can--be integrated where bandwidth or connectivity issues are a problem. Most examples--of online course development will utilize the free Udutu authoring tool.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Roger Mundell--Founder Udutu

SPEAKER_BIO:Roger Mundell, the founder of Udutu, was an early pioneer in the online learning space. As the director of research and innovation at Royal Roads University from 1996 to 2005, he led research and demonstrated concepts such as reusable learning objects, adaptive learning, and gamification (as in decision-led branching, not Skinnerian rewards), and received numerous awards for learning innovation from around the world. Roger was a frequent speaker on the conference circuit until 2006, when he left the university to create Udutu with an unusual business model—to democratize online learning and enable the thousands of organizations that were cautious about online learning.",Insights from the Front Lines - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:STRS101 Reaching Every Device with Articulate 360------------10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Strategic Solutions Stage------------Learners aren’t just taking courses at their desks anymore. They’re--on their phones and tablets looking for quick reference info, performance support--content, product guides, and more. And they need your content to look great and--work perfectly—because they don’t have time to troubleshoot. --Provide learners with an engaging learning experience on any--device—without spending countless hours tweaking content for various screen sizes.--With Rise, the responsive course authoring app in Articulate 360, all you need is--a web browser to quickly create beautiful courses that are automatically optimized--for every device. In this session, you’ll learn how to build beautiful, fully responsive--courses in Rise. You’ll find out how to create engaging learner experiences by building--custom lessons with modular blocks. You’ll also see how to share your courses with--learners.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to create responsive eLearning with Rise, the--web-based authoring app in Articulate 360--How to organize your content with a course outline--How to use modular blocks to create custom lessons--in minutes--How to share your courses with learners on the web--or with your learning management system----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate 360, Rise.------------Trina Rimmer--Community Manager Articulate--Trina Rimmer is a community manager with Articulate, where she uses her many years of eLearning design and development expertise to nurture and grow the E-Learning Heroes community. Before joining Articulate, she worked as a designer, eLearning developer, and writer focused on delivering engaging, effective learning and performance solutions to various companies, from global aid organizations to Fortune 500s.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Learners aren’t just taking courses at their desks anymore. They’re--on their phones and tablets looking for quick reference info, performance support--content, product guides, and more. And they need your content to look great and--work perfectly—because they don’t have time to troubleshoot. --Provide learners with an engaging learning experience on any--device—without spending countless hours tweaking content for various screen sizes.--With Rise, the responsive course authoring app in Articulate 360, all you need is--a web browser to quickly create beautiful courses that are automatically optimized--for every device. In this session, you’ll learn how to build beautiful, fully responsive--courses in Rise. You’ll find out how to create engaging learner experiences by building--custom lessons with modular blocks. You’ll also see how to share your courses with--learners.--In this session, you will--learn:----How to create responsive eLearning with Rise, the--web-based authoring app in Articulate 360--How to organize your content with a course outline--How to use modular blocks to create custom lessons--in minutes--How to share your courses with learners on the web--or with your learning management system----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Articulate 360, Rise.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Trina Rimmer--Community Manager Articulate

SPEAKER_BIO:Trina Rimmer is a community manager with Articulate, where she uses her many years of eLearning design and development expertise to nurture and grow the E-Learning Heroes community. Before joining Articulate, she worked as a designer, eLearning developer, and writer focused on delivering engaging, effective learning and performance solutions to various companies, from global aid organizations to Fortune 500s.",Reaching Every Device with Articulate 360 - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:STRS202 Successfully Implementing an LCMS: eXact and Merck Case Study ------------11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: Strategic Solutions Stage------------One of the most challenging issues for organizations is how to--undertake digital transformation successfully. Adopting new technology to address--content and learning challenges can be high on internal agendas, and therefore it--is imperative that the enabling technology is able to deliver successful outcomes--to an organization. It is essential to anticipate the challenges that might lie--ahead, in order to optimize potential efficiencies and measurable benefits. This--session will provide a guide for those who might consider embarking on such an internal--transformation—and you will be given the background on how Merck progressed on--its innovation journey.--In this session, introduced by eXact learning solutions, you--will discover the considerations and challenges the Merck team was trying to address--at the outset. While understanding their goals, you will be provided with some useful--dos and don’ts from a Fortune 50 company having undertaken the initiative. Find--out how Merck enhanced its ability to tailor its content to the needs of its audience--and efficiently delivered engaging information successfully. The session will discuss--some of the challenges around delivering content “chunks,” and how Merck and eXact--worked together to meet the needs of the Merck internal audience. Discover how eXact’s--consulting process really focused on understanding internal needs. The session will--aim to provide practical solutions that will be applicable to other organizational--learning scenarios.--In this session, you will--learn:----About some of the complexities of implementing a--new system internally--Dos and don’ts, and pitfalls for other practitioners--to anticipate--How Merck overcame the challenges of implementing--a personalized experience for all internal users--Some of the key takeaways for Merck’s innovative--learning team from delivering a successful internal program----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--The eXact learning solutions digital transformation solution--(or LCMS).------------------Pete Radice--Learning Specialist Merck--Pete Radice is a senior learning specialist for learning and development at Merck. Pete has over 15 years of experience in learning technology and innovative learning solutions. He has a wide range of experience implementing large-scale enterprise learning systems, including learning management and learning content management. Pete is passionate about all things involving innovation, and he is energized by working through challenges and doing things differently. His most recent work focuses on integration of new and legacy systems to ensure an optimal learning experience.----------------Robert DeMaria--Business Development Sr. Solutions Architect eXact learning solutions--Robert DeMaria is a business development senior solutions architect at eXact learning solutions. Through his consultative approach, his nearly 20 years’ experience in technology, and his unique ability to infuse business needs with cutting-edge strategies, Robert provides organizations with the concepts and solutions they need to reach greater heights. His foundation in learning management, portals, content management, authoring tools, and strategic implementations is just the beginning. Robert’s advanced experience in 3-D virtual worlds for learning, informal learning strategies, and the emerging use of artificial intelligence makes him a pioneer of the future.------------<    
TIME:11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:One of the most challenging issues for organizations is how to--undertake digital transformation successfully. Adopting new technology to address--content and learning challenges can be high on internal agendas, and therefore it--is imperative that the enabling technology is able to deliver successful outcomes--to an organization. It is essential to anticipate the challenges that might lie--ahead, in order to optimize potential efficiencies and measurable benefits. This--session will provide a guide for those who might consider embarking on such an internal--transformation—and you will be given the background on how Merck progressed on--its innovation journey.--In this session, introduced by eXact learning solutions, you--will discover the considerations and challenges the Merck team was trying to address--at the outset. While understanding their goals, you will be provided with some useful--dos and don’ts from a Fortune 50 company having undertaken the initiative. Find--out how Merck enhanced its ability to tailor its content to the needs of its audience--and efficiently delivered engaging information successfully. The session will discuss--some of the challenges around delivering content “chunks,” and how Merck and eXact--worked together to meet the needs of the Merck internal audience. Discover how eXact’s--consulting process really focused on understanding internal needs. The session will--aim to provide practical solutions that will be applicable to other organizational--learning scenarios.--In this session, you will--learn:----About some of the complexities of implementing a--new system internally--Dos and don’ts, and pitfalls for other practitioners--to anticipate--How Merck overcame the challenges of implementing--a personalized experience for all internal users--Some of the key takeaways for Merck’s innovative--learning team from delivering a successful internal program----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and senior--leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--The eXact learning solutions digital transformation solution--(or LCMS).,

SPEAKER_NAME:Robert DeMaria--Business Development Sr. Solutions Architect eXact learning solutions

SPEAKER_BIO:Robert DeMaria is a business development senior solutions architect at eXact learning solutions. Through his consultative approach, his nearly 20 years’ experience in technology, and his unique ability to infuse business needs with cutting-edge strategies, Robert provides organizations with the concepts and solutions they need to reach greater heights. His foundation in learning management, portals, content management, authoring tools, and strategic implementations is just the beginning. Robert’s advanced experience in 3-D virtual worlds for learning, informal learning strategies, and the emerging use of artificial intelligence makes him a pioneer of the future.",Successfully Implementing an LCMS: eXact and Merck Case Study - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:STRS203 Voice and Visual Performance Technologies in the Workflow------------12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: Strategic Solutions Stage------------Often, employees have no simple way to find relevant--information in the flow of their work. Printed or digital information can be--difficult to find and search through, all while seconds and minutes are ticking--away with an unresolved problem or need—resulting in a missed opportunity with--a customer, a failed process that slows down a team’s productivity, or a larger--issue that requires more resources to solve later.--In this session, you will learn how emerging technologies--can improve overall employee performance, address an issue before it becomes a--problem, call up product information quickly, use geo capabilities to find--location-relevant information, and scan an object to find the supporting assets--and training, all within seconds, by giving workers the ability to access--information when and where they need it. You’ll leave the session with a vision--of how you can leverage innovative technologies to improve processes, increase--competence, instill confidence, and give all stakeholders a higher level of--trust.--In this session, you--will learn:----What technologies are the best fit for various--environments--How you can implement emerging performance--support technologies across multiple industries--How you can combine technologies like 3-D, voice--search, and visual scanning to enhance support assets--Strategies for organizing performance support--content----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Siteline (an AllenComm performance support tool), voice--search, 3-D, AR/VR, scanning, and mobile devices/on-demand learning.------------Todd Miller--Vice President of Technical Services AllenComm--Todd Miller is a vice president of technical services at AllenComm, where he leads delivery of the latest learning technologies to clients. After 27 years with AllenComm, Todd has extensive experience in successfully implementing innovative learning technologies into world-class and award-winning solutions, and a keen interest in applying new technologies in the realm of workplace enablement.------<    
TIME:12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Often, employees have no simple way to find relevant--information in the flow of their work. Printed or digital information can be--difficult to find and search through, all while seconds and minutes are ticking--away with an unresolved problem or need—resulting in a missed opportunity with--a customer, a failed process that slows down a team’s productivity, or a larger--issue that requires more resources to solve later.--In this session, you will learn how emerging technologies--can improve overall employee performance, address an issue before it becomes a--problem, call up product information quickly, use geo capabilities to find--location-relevant information, and scan an object to find the supporting assets--and training, all within seconds, by giving workers the ability to access--information when and where they need it. You’ll leave the session with a vision--of how you can leverage innovative technologies to improve processes, increase--competence, instill confidence, and give all stakeholders a higher level of--trust.--In this session, you--will learn:----What technologies are the best fit for various--environments--How you can implement emerging performance--support technologies across multiple industries--How you can combine technologies like 3-D, voice--search, and visual scanning to enhance support assets--Strategies for organizing performance support--content----Audience: --Novice to intermediate designers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Siteline (an AllenComm performance support tool), voice--search, 3-D, AR/VR, scanning, and mobile devices/on-demand learning.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Todd Miller--Vice President of Technical Services AllenComm

SPEAKER_BIO:Todd Miller is a vice president of technical services at AllenComm, where he leads delivery of the latest learning technologies to clients. After 27 years with AllenComm, Todd has extensive experience in successfully implementing innovative learning technologies into world-class and award-winning solutions, and a keen interest in applying new technologies in the realm of workplace enablement.",Voice and Visual Performance Technologies in the Workflow - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:STRS204 Developing a Learning Technology Strategy: Where to Start ------------1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: Strategic Solutions Stage------------Do you find that the pressures of rapidly changing technology and--the need to support a nontraditional, remote workforce require rethinking how--work is done in your organization? Is it challenging for your organization to--keep up with the needs of your audience due to restrictive, outdated--procedures, tools, and skill sets? For the talent development function,--emerging workforce needs raise important questions when it comes to strategic--planning.--During this session, you will learn a practical, four-step--approach to developing a learning technology strategy for your organization. You--will also explore about common pitfalls to avoid. You will receive access to--worksheets that may be used back on the job during specific stages of the--strategic planning process.--In--this session, you will learn:----How to identify drivers for learning--technology in your organization--How to define the goals of your--learning technology strategy--How to analyze your current state--How to develop an action plan--How to ensure that you execute on your--learning technology strategy effectively----Audience:----Managers and senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executive, etc.).--------------Sarah Mercier--Managing Partner Learning Ninjas--Sarah Mercier, the managing partner at Learning Ninjas, has over 18 years of experience as a facilitator, instructional designer, and learning solution developer. Her primary focus is strategy, design, and development in the area of innovative learning technologies. Sarah is the founder of meLearning Solutions, a mobile learning consulting firm now operating as part of Learning Ninjas. She is a national facilitator for the Association for Talent Development (ATD) for the Master eLearning Instructional Designer and Mobile Learning Certificate programs and designed and facilitates both the Essentials of Mobile Learning and Essentials of Interactive eBooks programs. Sarah's work has been published in The Book of Road-Tested Activities, 68 Tips for eLearning Engagement and Interactivity, TD Magazine, CLO Magazine, and a variety of other training and workforce publications. ------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Do you find that the pressures of rapidly changing technology and--the need to support a nontraditional, remote workforce require rethinking how--work is done in your organization? Is it challenging for your organization to--keep up with the needs of your audience due to restrictive, outdated--procedures, tools, and skill sets? For the talent development function,--emerging workforce needs raise important questions when it comes to strategic--planning.--During this session, you will learn a practical, four-step--approach to developing a learning technology strategy for your organization. You--will also explore about common pitfalls to avoid. You will receive access to--worksheets that may be used back on the job during specific stages of the--strategic planning process.--In--this session, you will learn:----How to identify drivers for learning--technology in your organization--How to define the goals of your--learning technology strategy--How to analyze your current state--How to develop an action plan--How to ensure that you execute on your--learning technology strategy effectively----Audience:----Managers and senior leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executive, etc.).--,

SPEAKER_NAME:Sarah Mercier--Managing Partner Learning Ninjas

SPEAKER_BIO:Sarah Mercier, the managing partner at Learning Ninjas, has over 18 years of experience as a facilitator, instructional designer, and learning solution developer. Her primary focus is strategy, design, and development in the area of innovative learning technologies. Sarah is the founder of meLearning Solutions, a mobile learning consulting firm now operating as part of Learning Ninjas. She is a national facilitator for the Association for Talent Development (ATD) for the Master eLearning Instructional Designer and Mobile Learning Certificate programs and designed and facilitates both the Essentials of Mobile Learning and Essentials of Interactive eBooks programs. Sarah's work has been published in The Book of Road-Tested Activities, 68 Tips for eLearning Engagement and Interactivity, TD Magazine, CLO Magazine, and a variety of other training and workforce publications. ",Developing a Learning Technology Strategy: Where to Start - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:STRS205 Practical Microlearning: Continuous Compliance Training------------2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: Strategic Solutions Stage------------Everyone’s talking about microlearning, but what does it--really mean to your organization? Is microlearning destined to simply mean sub-10-minute--videos, or is there more to it? --This session will demonstrate exactly how one organization--left annual compliance training and adopted continuous compliance training with--three minutes of personalized learning every day. You will get a peek behind--the curtain at learner analytics and engagement statistics, and you’ll be--guided through a sample content conversion. This will be a fast-paced session--focused on the real impact and results from moving to continuous compliance--training. Attendees will receive a free account on the OttoLearn platform so--you can try out what you’ve learned in this session.--In this session, you--will learn:----The difference between microlearning and--adaptive microlearning--How to structure content for adaptive--microlearning delivery--How an organization moved away from annual--compliance training to continuous compliance--About the surprising impact on employees----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Learner analytics and engagement statistics; two adaptive--microlearning platforms.------------Dan Belhassen--Microlearning Evangelist OttoLearn--Dan Belhassen is a microlearning evangelist at OttoLearn who is obsessed with using technology to improve teaching and learning. Recently, he was a headline presenter at The eLearning Guild’s Microlearning Summit and the DisruptED Conference. With a focus on demystifying technology, Dan has over 10 years’ experience in delivering engaging sessions for international associations and conferences. He delivers high-energy, high-value sessions with actionable, practical takeaways that consistently delight his audiences. ------<    
TIME:2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Everyone’s talking about microlearning, but what does it--really mean to your organization? Is microlearning destined to simply mean sub-10-minute--videos, or is there more to it? --This session will demonstrate exactly how one organization--left annual compliance training and adopted continuous compliance training with--three minutes of personalized learning every day. You will get a peek behind--the curtain at learner analytics and engagement statistics, and you’ll be--guided through a sample content conversion. This will be a fast-paced session--focused on the real impact and results from moving to continuous compliance--training. Attendees will receive a free account on the OttoLearn platform so--you can try out what you’ve learned in this session.--In this session, you--will learn:----The difference between microlearning and--adaptive microlearning--How to structure content for adaptive--microlearning delivery--How an organization moved away from annual--compliance training to continuous compliance--About the surprising impact on employees----Audience: --Novice to advanced designers, developers, managers, and--senior leaders (VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Learner analytics and engagement statistics; two adaptive--microlearning platforms.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Dan Belhassen--Microlearning Evangelist OttoLearn

SPEAKER_BIO:Dan Belhassen is a microlearning evangelist at OttoLearn who is obsessed with using technology to improve teaching and learning. Recently, he was a headline presenter at The eLearning Guild’s Microlearning Summit and the DisruptED Conference. With a focus on demystifying technology, Dan has over 10 years’ experience in delivering engaging sessions for international associations and conferences. He delivers high-energy, high-value sessions with actionable, practical takeaways that consistently delight his audiences. ",Practical Microlearning: Continuous Compliance Training - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SXAPI101 The Crawl, Walk, Run Methodology for Adopting Learning Analytics------------10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: xAPI Central Showcase Stage------------xAPI, big data, and analytics for learning and development have--been revolutionizing the way training professionals build and evaluate their development--programs. Implementing learning analytics for the first time can be a big task—especially--where there are many business systems from which you need to collect data. Having--a clear process to implement can help accelerate the outcome L&D has been waiting--for: tying learning activities to quantifiable business outcomes.--Using a crawl, walk, run methodology can be invaluable in implementing--learning analytics for your organization and gaining buy-in for this new technology.--In this session, you’ll learn the basis of the crawl, walk, run methodology and--how to gain quick data-driven wins within your organization. Within each step, you--will discover how to easily incorporate Experience API (xAPI) to start getting rich--behavioral data on learning activities. Finally, you’ll explore client case studies--that parallel each step of the methodology that you can relate to your journey as--well.--In this session, you will--learn:----The basis of the crawl, walk, run methodology   --How to implement xAPI easily within each step--From client case studies that clearly parallel each--step of the methodology----Audience: --Novice to advanced managers and senior leaders (directors, VP,--CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Learning record stores, Experience API (xAPI), and learning--analytics.-- ------------David Keezel--Market Director Riptide Software--David Keezel, a market director at Riptide Software, is a 23-year IT professional who spent the first decade of his career designing, building, and deploying technology for a large healthcare system. His last 12 years have been focused on business development, sales, and marketing for software companies that have served healthcare, financial, hospitality, retail, public safety, and government markets. David’s passion is solving real business problems with proven technology, along with leading and mentoring the next generation of workforce professionals.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:xAPI, big data, and analytics for learning and development have--been revolutionizing the way training professionals build and evaluate their development--programs. Implementing learning analytics for the first time can be a big task—especially--where there are many business systems from which you need to collect data. Having--a clear process to implement can help accelerate the outcome L&D has been waiting--for: tying learning activities to quantifiable business outcomes.--Using a crawl, walk, run methodology can be invaluable in implementing--learning analytics for your organization and gaining buy-in for this new technology.--In this session, you’ll learn the basis of the crawl, walk, run methodology and--how to gain quick data-driven wins within your organization. Within each step, you--will discover how to easily incorporate Experience API (xAPI) to start getting rich--behavioral data on learning activities. Finally, you’ll explore client case studies--that parallel each step of the methodology that you can relate to your journey as--well.--In this session, you will--learn:----The basis of the crawl, walk, run methodology   --How to implement xAPI easily within each step--From client case studies that clearly parallel each--step of the methodology----Audience: --Novice to advanced managers and senior leaders (directors, VP,--CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Learning record stores, Experience API (xAPI), and learning--analytics.-- ,

SPEAKER_NAME:David Keezel--Market Director Riptide Software

SPEAKER_BIO:David Keezel, a market director at Riptide Software, is a 23-year IT professional who spent the first decade of his career designing, building, and deploying technology for a large healthcare system. His last 12 years have been focused on business development, sales, and marketing for software companies that have served healthcare, financial, hospitality, retail, public safety, and government markets. David’s passion is solving real business problems with proven technology, along with leading and mentoring the next generation of workforce professionals."
The Crawl, Walk, Run Methodology for Adopting Learning Analytics - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:SXAPI102 Identifying Competency Gaps with xAPI Analytics and Dashboards------------11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: xAPI Central Showcase Stage------------A high-consequence pipeline operator in the US delivers a large number--of safety and operations­–focused training using test scores to document compliance--and understanding. With pure SCORM content, their insight into the performance of--users at an objective level was limited. Even though students passed the test on--a topic, some objectives were failed regularly, identifying issues in content, test--design, and training processes. --In this session you’ll learn how, after enabling content and tests--with xAPI, the group was able to identify competency gaps and export xAPI data into--Microsoft’s Power BI software, allowing them to create analytic dashboards to track--which objectives were and were not mastered. Finally, you’ll learn how they overhauled--the safety training program to minimize the importance of overall test scores and--require learners to master each identified objective. Failure to master an objective--results in a review of the content until the learner satisfies all objectives. With--this additional insight, senior leadership stated, “The ability to see these analytics--puts L&D in a whole new light.”--In this session, you--will learn:----How the group used xAPI to track student--interactions and assessments at an objective level--How they created a series of visualizations--and leadership dashboards to identify which students mastered or failed different--objectives--How they tracked SCORM CMI interactions--using a SCORM-xAPI wrapper--How LRS data, along with student demographic--data from the LMS, was automatically ported to Power BI using Microsoft Flow----Audience: --Advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Microsoft’s Power BI will be discussed as one of many valuable--business intelligence tools for analyzing xAPI data. Business intelligence tools--can also be used to combine and compare xAPI data with other data sources for robust--visualizations.------------Art Werkenthin--President RISC--Art Werkenthin, president of RISC, built his first learning management system (LMS) in 1988 and now has over 25 years’ experience working with LMS in the oil and gas, retail, finance, and other industries. Art is keenly interested in the xAPI specification, and RISC was an early adopter of this technology. Interested in expanding the xAPI to the LMS, Art has served for the past three years on the ADL cmi5 committee. In 2015, RISC demonstrated the first implementation of a cmi5 runtime engine embedded in its LMS. Art has presented on cmi5 at several conferences, including mLearnCon, DevLearn and xAPI Camp.------<    
TIME:11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:A high-consequence pipeline operator in the US delivers a large number--of safety and operations­–focused training using test scores to document compliance--and understanding. With pure SCORM content, their insight into the performance of--users at an objective level was limited. Even though students passed the test on--a topic, some objectives were failed regularly, identifying issues in content, test--design, and training processes. --In this session you’ll learn how, after enabling content and tests--with xAPI, the group was able to identify competency gaps and export xAPI data into--Microsoft’s Power BI software, allowing them to create analytic dashboards to track--which objectives were and were not mastered. Finally, you’ll learn how they overhauled--the safety training program to minimize the importance of overall test scores and--require learners to master each identified objective. Failure to master an objective--results in a review of the content until the learner satisfies all objectives. With--this additional insight, senior leadership stated, “The ability to see these analytics--puts L&D in a whole new light.”--In this session, you--will learn:----How the group used xAPI to track student--interactions and assessments at an objective level--How they created a series of visualizations--and leadership dashboards to identify which students mastered or failed different--objectives--How they tracked SCORM CMI interactions--using a SCORM-xAPI wrapper--How LRS data, along with student demographic--data from the LMS, was automatically ported to Power BI using Microsoft Flow----Audience: --Advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Microsoft’s Power BI will be discussed as one of many valuable--business intelligence tools for analyzing xAPI data. Business intelligence tools--can also be used to combine and compare xAPI data with other data sources for robust--visualizations.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Art Werkenthin--President RISC

SPEAKER_BIO:Art Werkenthin, president of RISC, built his first learning management system (LMS) in 1988 and now has over 25 years’ experience working with LMS in the oil and gas, retail, finance, and other industries. Art is keenly interested in the xAPI specification, and RISC was an early adopter of this technology. Interested in expanding the xAPI to the LMS, Art has served for the past three years on the ADL cmi5 committee. In 2015, RISC demonstrated the first implementation of a cmi5 runtime engine embedded in its LMS. Art has presented on cmi5 at several conferences, including mLearnCon, DevLearn and xAPI Camp.",Identifying Competency Gaps with xAPI Analytics and Dashboards - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SXAPI103 A Deep Dive on Implementing xAPI in Learning Games------------12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: xAPI Central Showcase Stage------------Dig-It! Games had a maintenance headache with a dated Cold Fusion data--collection system and some data reporting into various applications in the cloud.--The data was siloed and lacked any form of normalization to make it interoperable--for aggregation and analysis. It was time to change old practices for new, and after--a requirements gathering exercise, the team decided to prototype with xAPI. Existing--xAPI profiles provided a solid baseline of verbs and activity types, etc., but xAPI--contextual data lacked any form of structure. Most industries have a common vocabulary--and standards, but xAPI profiles do not address context.--In this session you will learn how, with support from the National--Science Foundation, Dig-It! embarked on a research project to create a methodology,--tools, and vocabulary for using xAPI in learning games in one industry (K-12) that--could be replicated in other industries. Find out how they created a framework for--the xAPI specification that combined with existing profiles and libraries for a--great launch point to address the problem. You will learn how the framework solved--the silos and proprietary nature of learning data from games, and how within 30--days they had a pilot reporting learning data from a JavaScript game to a learning--record store. Ultimately, it solved the main problem of creating a solution for--collecting data, was basic, and created other challenges. --In this session, you--will learn:----How the team planned and developed the--GBLxAPI.org open-source project--How they developed a global vocabulary--catalog with over 450 permanent URIs for use with the extensions and over 2,000--additional URIs for US-only standards--About their API for Unity to simplify xAPI--use in games and simulations--How their data is now visualized in a third-party--BI tool with widgets, dashboards, and export options--How it’s now easier to share meaningful--data with researchers, which ultimately could increase the use of learning games--in industries----Audience: --Advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Free Unity API for integrating xAPI into learning games and simulations--developed using the Unity 3D game engine. Free Excel sheet for organizing and planning--learning outcomes in learning games. Tools for reporting xAPI data, including use--of AI bots. ------------Stuart Claggett--COO/CTO Dig-iT! Games--Stuart Claggett is the COO/CTO at Dig-iT! Games, a mission-based game developer and publisher with a goal of having a positive impact on education by harnessing the power of game-based learning. Stuart leads the open-source xAPI initiative GBLxAPI.org, which aims to simplify and standardize how educational games collect meaningful data for developers, educators, and researchers. He is also the co-researcher for developing the supporting context library catalog as a model for improving interoperability of data using xAPI. Stuart received the Hammer Award from the White House Office of the Vice President (VP Gore) for technology innovation.------<    
TIME:12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Dig-It! Games had a maintenance headache with a dated Cold Fusion data--collection system and some data reporting into various applications in the cloud.--The data was siloed and lacked any form of normalization to make it interoperable--for aggregation and analysis. It was time to change old practices for new, and after--a requirements gathering exercise, the team decided to prototype with xAPI. Existing--xAPI profiles provided a solid baseline of verbs and activity types, etc., but xAPI--contextual data lacked any form of structure. Most industries have a common vocabulary--and standards, but xAPI profiles do not address context.--In this session you will learn how, with support from the National--Science Foundation, Dig-It! embarked on a research project to create a methodology,--tools, and vocabulary for using xAPI in learning games in one industry (K-12) that--could be replicated in other industries. Find out how they created a framework for--the xAPI specification that combined with existing profiles and libraries for a--great launch point to address the problem. You will learn how the framework solved--the silos and proprietary nature of learning data from games, and how within 30--days they had a pilot reporting learning data from a JavaScript game to a learning--record store. Ultimately, it solved the main problem of creating a solution for--collecting data, was basic, and created other challenges. --In this session, you--will learn:----How the team planned and developed the--GBLxAPI.org open-source project--How they developed a global vocabulary--catalog with over 450 permanent URIs for use with the extensions and over 2,000--additional URIs for US-only standards--About their API for Unity to simplify xAPI--use in games and simulations--How their data is now visualized in a third-party--BI tool with widgets, dashboards, and export options--How it’s now easier to share meaningful--data with researchers, which ultimately could increase the use of learning games--in industries----Audience: --Advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Free Unity API for integrating xAPI into learning games and simulations--developed using the Unity 3D game engine. Free Excel sheet for organizing and planning--learning outcomes in learning games. Tools for reporting xAPI data, including use--of AI bots. ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Stuart Claggett--COO/CTO Dig-iT! Games

SPEAKER_BIO:Stuart Claggett is the COO/CTO at Dig-iT! Games, a mission-based game developer and publisher with a goal of having a positive impact on education by harnessing the power of game-based learning. Stuart leads the open-source xAPI initiative GBLxAPI.org, which aims to simplify and standardize how educational games collect meaningful data for developers, educators, and researchers. He is also the co-researcher for developing the supporting context library catalog as a model for improving interoperability of data using xAPI. Stuart received the Hammer Award from the White House Office of the Vice President (VP Gore) for technology innovation.",A Deep Dive on Implementing xAPI in Learning Games - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SXAPI202 Don’t Just Repave SCORM Cow Paths with xAPI—Demand More------------11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: xAPI Central Showcase Stage------------A hospital system had an instructor-led course--that they needed to move online, but wanted to keep aspects of the learner-to-learner--communication that was possible in the instructor-led course. The organization asked--the SmartBuilder team to replicate this functionality in an online course by--allowing learners to see live statistics showing how other learners answered the--same questions. xAPI allowed the team to provide an innovative solution to this--challenge. --In this session, you’ll learn how you can use xAPI--to go beyond typical data tracking (e.g., score, completion, pass-fail) to report--and analyze custom data. You’ll also find out how the less frequently used--Activity Profile API can be used for learner-to-learner collaboration, and how--the State API can be used for two-way communication with an LRS. This session--will share some examples of both APIs in action and talk at a high level about--how the content was developed, without using scripting.--In this session,--you will learn:--------How you can send a variety--of custom xAPI data to an LRS for analysis and reporting, without needing to--use JavaScript--How xAPI’s State API--and Activity Profile API allow you to retrieve data from an LRS and share data--across learners for polling, leaderboards and other collaborations --How to use--cross-domain communication between a local LMS and a remote LRS, so you can--launch your content from your LMS while taking advantage of new xAPI--capabilities--------Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--xAPI, SmartBuilder, and learning record stores.------------Robert Penn--President SmartBuilder--Robert is the president of SmartBuilder, a provider of award-winning eLearning authoring software and services. Robert has over 15 years of industry experience creating eLearning solutions and applications. Prior to SmartBuilder, Robert led project teams at Gemini Consulting, helping to design and implement structural change programs for global clients. Robert also has hands-on experience in training and professional education through his work at Accenture, where he developed and conducted training programs throughout Europe and Asia on emerging technologies.------<    
TIME:11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:A hospital system had an instructor-led course--that they needed to move online, but wanted to keep aspects of the learner-to-learner--communication that was possible in the instructor-led course. The organization asked--the SmartBuilder team to replicate this functionality in an online course by--allowing learners to see live statistics showing how other learners answered the--same questions. xAPI allowed the team to provide an innovative solution to this--challenge. --In this session, you’ll learn how you can use xAPI--to go beyond typical data tracking (e.g., score, completion, pass-fail) to report--and analyze custom data. You’ll also find out how the less frequently used--Activity Profile API can be used for learner-to-learner collaboration, and how--the State API can be used for two-way communication with an LRS. This session--will share some examples of both APIs in action and talk at a high level about--how the content was developed, without using scripting.--In this session,--you will learn:--------How you can send a variety--of custom xAPI data to an LRS for analysis and reporting, without needing to--use JavaScript--How xAPI’s State API--and Activity Profile API allow you to retrieve data from an LRS and share data--across learners for polling, leaderboards and other collaborations --How to use--cross-domain communication between a local LMS and a remote LRS, so you can--launch your content from your LMS while taking advantage of new xAPI--capabilities--------Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--xAPI, SmartBuilder, and learning record stores.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Robert Penn--President SmartBuilder

SPEAKER_BIO:Robert is the president of SmartBuilder, a provider of award-winning eLearning authoring software and services. Robert has over 15 years of industry experience creating eLearning solutions and applications. Prior to SmartBuilder, Robert led project teams at Gemini Consulting, helping to design and implement structural change programs for global clients. Robert also has hands-on experience in training and professional education through his work at Accenture, where he developed and conducted training programs throughout Europe and Asia on emerging technologies.",Don’t Just Repave SCORM Cow Paths with xAPI—Demand More - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SXAPI104 Beyond the LMS: Using xAPI to Measure Help Platform Usage------------1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: xAPI Central Showcase Stage------------The learning experience (LX) team at LLamasoft meets the learning needs--of customers as they use the company’s software to solve problems. Prior to this--project, they had limited insight into how internal and external users navigated--the help system, and they were unable to analyze whether, and when, users watched--the videos the team produced. Without this information, they could not measure the--utilization and reach of their tutorials. They wanted to know whether this was a--worthwhile investment of time, and whether users found the videos useful. Upon further--evaluating the help platform, they realized that this lack of visibility extended--to search terms and page views.--In this session, you will learn how the team mapped out key touch points--within the help system from which to collect data and the code to generate xAPI--statements. You’ll learn how they made a prototype where they added packaged scripts--into the help system that sent xAPI statements from the HTML-based help content.--Using xAPI, they could now see the search terms used, which helps them understand--what topics users are really looking for. Insight into users’ video viewing behavior--can help to show whether users are finding the videos to be useful, and what the--reach of each video is. Finally, it allows for page view data about a user’s session,--which provides insight into how they navigate through the system and helps the--LLamasoft team accurately shape future developments and deployments of their software--to customers.--In this session, you--will learn:----How the team mapped key touch points to--create a strategy and collect data--About their prototype for sending xAPI--statements from help content--How the data they collected allows them--to conceptualize at a deeper level about the importance of looking at learning experiences--About the impact of collaborative teams--that provided a path to understand how learning materials affect the actual use--of the software----Audience: --Advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--xAPI.------------------Andrew McGuire --Learning Experience Designer LLamasoft--Andrew McGuire is a learning experience designer at LLamasoft, where he specializes in developing engaging content and tracking learner experiences. He has been working in eLearning development for the past five years. Before joining the world of eLearning, Andrew taught English at the college level for seven years. He has an MA in English composition from Northeastern Illinois University.------------------Ryan Hicks--Director, Learning Experience LLamasoft--Ryan Hicks, a director of learning experience at LLamasoft, is a systems design thinker with a focus on human interaction and development of both individuals and organizations. His contributions to LLamasoft have led to the formation of the Coaching & Training and Learning Experience (LX) teams, which design, develop, and execute content throughout the entirety of the customer journey. ------------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:The learning experience (LX) team at LLamasoft meets the learning needs--of customers as they use the company’s software to solve problems. Prior to this--project, they had limited insight into how internal and external users navigated--the help system, and they were unable to analyze whether, and when, users watched--the videos the team produced. Without this information, they could not measure the--utilization and reach of their tutorials. They wanted to know whether this was a--worthwhile investment of time, and whether users found the videos useful. Upon further--evaluating the help platform, they realized that this lack of visibility extended--to search terms and page views.--In this session, you will learn how the team mapped out key touch points--within the help system from which to collect data and the code to generate xAPI--statements. You’ll learn how they made a prototype where they added packaged scripts--into the help system that sent xAPI statements from the HTML-based help content.--Using xAPI, they could now see the search terms used, which helps them understand--what topics users are really looking for. Insight into users’ video viewing behavior--can help to show whether users are finding the videos to be useful, and what the--reach of each video is. Finally, it allows for page view data about a user’s session,--which provides insight into how they navigate through the system and helps the--LLamasoft team accurately shape future developments and deployments of their software--to customers.--In this session, you--will learn:----How the team mapped key touch points to--create a strategy and collect data--About their prototype for sending xAPI--statements from help content--How the data they collected allows them--to conceptualize at a deeper level about the importance of looking at learning experiences--About the impact of collaborative teams--that provided a path to understand how learning materials affect the actual use--of the software----Audience: --Advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--xAPI.


SPEAKER_NAME:Ryan Hicks--Director, Learning Experience LLamasoft"

SPEAKER_BIO:Ryan Hicks, a director of learning experience at LLamasoft, is a systems design thinker with a focus on human interaction and development of both individuals and organizations. His contributions to LLamasoft have led to the formation of the Coaching & Training and Learning Experience (LX) teams, which design, develop, and execute content throughout the entirety of the customer journey. ",Beyond the LMS: Using xAPI to Measure Help Platform Usage - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SXAPI204 Case Study: Tracking and Analyzing US Army Training with xAPI------------1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: xAPI Central Showcase Stage------------This US Army Basic Rifle Marksmanship case study began in 2013--with a white paper discussing training challenges. There was no uniform--mechanism for collecting the available data from the various proprietary live ranges,--and data was often abstracted to the unit level. They wanted to find better--ways to provide meaningful feedback and training at the individual level and--have the ability to securely aggregate data sets for analysis. If data from--live fire exercises could be captured, correlated at the individual level, and--made easily available for data mining, then the US Army could benefit from a--wide array of analysis focused on live fire training. In addition, trainees--could receive relevant and timely feedback: not only detailed training records,--but also automated feedback or remediation based on their results delivered--on-demand.--In this case study session, you’ll explore how xAPI connectors--were created to parse the proprietary training data into xAPI and begin to--enable the data collection and analysis the US Army required. You’ll discover--that these connectors are not difficult or complex, and they prove the ability--to take training performance data from multiple systems using xAPI and an LRS.--This program allows for a standard practice of capturing xAPI data from live--marksmanship systems, but you’ll also see how this approach can be used in--other business training situations. This case study is an effort of the Army Research Lab (ARL) with senior research scientist Greg Goodwin.--In this session,--you will learn:----How xAPI connectors can parse--proprietary training data into xAPI --How this system analyzes the data--stream for performance patterns and provides feedback to the trainee--How this approach shows the ability to--provide automated tutoring--About the parallels that can be made--for any business training case----Audience: --Developers, managers, senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology--discussed in this session:--xAPI and open-source big data tools (Elastic Stack/Kibana).-- ------------Nick Washburn--Chief Product Officer 5th Logic--Nick Washburn, Chief Product Officer at 5th Logic, has over 15 years --of experience working with high-tech entrepreneurs, in distance learning, and --for some of the world’s top brands. Nick is a member of the workgroup that --created the Experience API (xAPI), and he continues to work in and be --involved in research and development for xAPI/LRS strategies for today’s --learning enterprise. Since 2005, Nick has led the development of award---winning distance learning solutions used by the Fortune 50/500 and US --Department of Defense.------<    
TIME:1:15 PM - 2:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:This US Army Basic Rifle Marksmanship case study began in 2013--with a white paper discussing training challenges. There was no uniform--mechanism for collecting the available data from the various proprietary live ranges,--and data was often abstracted to the unit level. They wanted to find better--ways to provide meaningful feedback and training at the individual level and--have the ability to securely aggregate data sets for analysis. If data from--live fire exercises could be captured, correlated at the individual level, and--made easily available for data mining, then the US Army could benefit from a--wide array of analysis focused on live fire training. In addition, trainees--could receive relevant and timely feedback: not only detailed training records,--but also automated feedback or remediation based on their results delivered--on-demand.--In this case study session, you’ll explore how xAPI connectors--were created to parse the proprietary training data into xAPI and begin to--enable the data collection and analysis the US Army required. You’ll discover--that these connectors are not difficult or complex, and they prove the ability--to take training performance data from multiple systems using xAPI and an LRS.--This program allows for a standard practice of capturing xAPI data from live--marksmanship systems, but you’ll also see how this approach can be used in--other business training situations. This case study is an effort of the Army Research Lab (ARL) with senior research scientist Greg Goodwin.--In this session,--you will learn:----How xAPI connectors can parse--proprietary training data into xAPI --How this system analyzes the data--stream for performance patterns and provides feedback to the trainee--How this approach shows the ability to--provide automated tutoring--About the parallels that can be made--for any business training case----Audience: --Developers, managers, senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology--discussed in this session:--xAPI and open-source big data tools (Elastic Stack/Kibana).-- ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Nick Washburn--Chief Product Officer 5th Logic

SPEAKER_BIO:Nick Washburn, Chief Product Officer at 5th Logic, has over 15 years --of experience working with high-tech entrepreneurs, in distance learning, and --for some of the world’s top brands. Nick is a member of the workgroup that --created the Experience API (xAPI), and he continues to work in and be --involved in research and development for xAPI/LRS strategies for today’s --learning enterprise. Since 2005, Nick has led the development of award---winning distance learning solutions used by the Fortune 50/500 and US --Department of Defense.",Case Study: Tracking and Analyzing US Army Training with xAPI - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SXAPI105 What Makes a (Good) Learning Experience Platform?------------2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: xAPI Central Showcase Stage------------LMS, move over. LRS, you are so last year. LXPs, or learning--experience platforms, are the new kids on the block. This session will highlight--an emerging category of digital learning tools, the learning experience--platforms, and help you to draw your own conclusions about what an LXP really is--and how it could be useful in your context. --You’ll discover the results of extensive user research around--the concept of learning experience platforms, including the role that “personalization”--artificial intelligence might play in the user experience. You will explore the--role of the instructional designer as the linchpin in a learning experience versus--users simply “discovering” new content. You’ll walk away from this session with--a clear idea as to whether an LXP could be a useful new tool, or whether it’s just--a bunch of old ideas dressed up in new terminology.--In this session, you will--learn:----About the conditions that have made the learning--experience platform concept come to life--What research suggests learners (and their managers)--want from an LXP--About the capabilities that good LXPs seek to deliver--The likely differences between LXPs and existing--categories of software, including the LMS--The seven habits of highly effective LXPs----Audience: --Novice to intermediate managers and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Learning experience platforms, xAPI, AI tools, and--personalized learning tools.------------Ben Betts--CEO HT2--Ben Betts is the CEO of HT2 Labs, where his work has helped to define the next generation of workplace learning platforms. Since completing his PhD researching the impact of gamification on adult social learning, Ben has gone on to author and contribute chapters for many books, to publish academic papers, and to present at conferences around the world, including TEDx. Today, Ben’s focus is exclusively on helping companies learn from their employees’ collective experiences, using all of the knowledge he has gained from 15 years in the business. His research focuses on self-directed learning in the workplace, social learning, gamification, and xAPI.------<    
TIME:2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:LMS, move over. LRS, you are so last year. LXPs, or learning--experience platforms, are the new kids on the block. This session will highlight--an emerging category of digital learning tools, the learning experience--platforms, and help you to draw your own conclusions about what an LXP really is--and how it could be useful in your context. --You’ll discover the results of extensive user research around--the concept of learning experience platforms, including the role that “personalization”--artificial intelligence might play in the user experience. You will explore the--role of the instructional designer as the linchpin in a learning experience versus--users simply “discovering” new content. You’ll walk away from this session with--a clear idea as to whether an LXP could be a useful new tool, or whether it’s just--a bunch of old ideas dressed up in new terminology.--In this session, you will--learn:----About the conditions that have made the learning--experience platform concept come to life--What research suggests learners (and their managers)--want from an LXP--About the capabilities that good LXPs seek to deliver--The likely differences between LXPs and existing--categories of software, including the LMS--The seven habits of highly effective LXPs----Audience: --Novice to intermediate managers and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).--Technology discussed in--this session:--Learning experience platforms, xAPI, AI tools, and--personalized learning tools.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Ben Betts--CEO HT2

SPEAKER_BIO:Ben Betts is the CEO of HT2 Labs, where his work has helped to define the next generation of workplace learning platforms. Since completing his PhD researching the impact of gamification on adult social learning, Ben has gone on to author and contribute chapters for many books, to publish academic papers, and to present at conferences around the world, including TEDx. Today, Ben’s focus is exclusively on helping companies learn from their employees’ collective experiences, using all of the knowledge he has gained from 15 years in the business. His research focuses on self-directed learning in the workplace, social learning, gamification, and xAPI.",What Makes a (Good) Learning Experience Platform? - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SXAPI205 Using xAPI to Track Learning Across Systems------------2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: xAPI Central Showcase Stage------------Kraft Heinz is the world’s--fifth-largest food and beverage company, with over 200 brands in nearly 200--countries. The company needed a way to effectively disseminate information and--train its workforce regarding its products, while also ensuring that the--solution could dynamically change due to the short shelf life of the content.--In this case study session, you’ll--see how Origin Learning was able to solve this challenge with a combination of--two tools and xAPI. You’ll examine the team’s development process, how having a--defined xAPI strategy allowed them to meet Kraft Heinz’s training and reporting--needs, and key insights that you can bring to your own work.--In this session,--you will learn:--------How to leverage the--strengths of an enterprise CMS and LMS using xAPI--How to track learner--progress outside a pre-defined learning path--About the future of--eLearning, with a focus on xAPI--------Audience: --Developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology--discussed in this session:--xAPI, Microsoft SharePoint Online, and Cornerstone OnDemand.----------Shanmugam Karuppusamy--Senior Director—Technology Origin Learning--Shanmugam Karuppusamy, the senior director of technology for Origin Learning, is a seasoned learning technology professional with over 20 years of experience in roles in IT education, programming, and technology consulting. As a technology leader, Shan has handled large teams working on a variety of learning technology projects for Fortune 50 clients catering to industries including banking, healthcare, and manufacturing. He played a key role in teams that won Brandon Hall Awards for developing powerful mobile learning apps. Shan’s been associated with Origin for the past nine years and has spearheaded many interesting projects.------<    
TIME:2:15 PM - 3:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Kraft Heinz is the world’s--fifth-largest food and beverage company, with over 200 brands in nearly 200--countries. The company needed a way to effectively disseminate information and--train its workforce regarding its products, while also ensuring that the--solution could dynamically change due to the short shelf life of the content.--In this case study session, you’ll--see how Origin Learning was able to solve this challenge with a combination of--two tools and xAPI. You’ll examine the team’s development process, how having a--defined xAPI strategy allowed them to meet Kraft Heinz’s training and reporting--needs, and key insights that you can bring to your own work.--In this session,--you will learn:--------How to leverage the--strengths of an enterprise CMS and LMS using xAPI--How to track learner--progress outside a pre-defined learning path--About the future of--eLearning, with a focus on xAPI--------Audience: --Developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology--discussed in this session:--xAPI, Microsoft SharePoint Online, and Cornerstone OnDemand.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Shanmugam Karuppusamy--Senior Director—Technology Origin Learning

SPEAKER_BIO:Shanmugam Karuppusamy, the senior director of technology for Origin Learning, is a seasoned learning technology professional with over 20 years of experience in roles in IT education, programming, and technology consulting. As a technology leader, Shan has handled large teams working on a variety of learning technology projects for Fortune 50 clients catering to industries including banking, healthcare, and manufacturing. He played a key role in teams that won Brandon Hall Awards for developing powerful mobile learning apps. Shan’s been associated with Origin for the past nine years and has spearheaded many interesting projects.",Using xAPI to Track Learning Across Systems - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SXAPI201 Creating a Data-Driven L&D Team—an xAPI Case Study------------10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: xAPI Central Showcase Stage------------From--an organization-wide executive directive to become more data-driven, a retail--corporate L&D team took an internal look at their own data practices.--Realizing that they had an overwhelming lack of transparency into their--learning initiatives and a great amount of data that had gone unused, the team--developed a transformation vision to create a single system of record for--learning to enable observability, granularity, and accountability for all team--members. The team was committed to the vision of xAPI; however, the data and--information they needed in order to make actionable change for their learners--was locked away in non-interoperable formats, and they recognized the need to--develop a data strategy and implementation plan. --In--this case study session, you will see how the organization’s L&D team--created an xAPI data roadmap to not only achieve early wins when it came to the--executive business objectives, but also begin work on a scalable plan to build--out a modern, flexible ecosystem that has the needs of learners at its center. --In this session,--you will learn:----About the data strategy development process--How to connect an organizational goal to a department-level--strategy--What an xAPI implementation looks like from a planning and--timeline perspective--How data sources, integrations, and learning record stores--work together--What the results of a unified xAPI learning ecosystem can--look like--Best practices, look-fors, and gotchas in the xAPI--implementation process----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology--discussed in this session:--xAPI, learning analytics, data--dashboards, learning record stores, LMSs, data integrations, HRISs, learning--tools, and data sources.------------------Margaret Roth--Chief Customer Experience Officer Yet Analytics--Margaret Roth is the chief customer experience officer at Yet Analytics, a Baltimore-based company that provides tools and solutions to improve learning and talent development. Margaret is interested in the development and design of connected learning environments that leverage xAPI and blended learning. Her background is in experiential education, curriculum design, teaching, and team development. She is the VP of community impact for the Junior League of Baltimore, a member of the SXSWedu Advisory Board, and a co-founder of EdTechWomen. Margaret received her BA in English and environmental earth science and her MA in teaching from Johns Hopkins University.------------------Allie Tscheulin--VP Business Development Yet Analytics --Allie Tscheulin is the VP of business development at Yet Analytics. She is passionate about demystifying the Experience API (xAPI), the open-source data specification, so professionals and organizations can get the most from their learning initiatives. Allie works with organizations to design, develop, and execute learning and performance analytics to better employees and learners alike.------------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 10:45 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:From--an organization-wide executive directive to become more data-driven, a retail--corporate L&D team took an internal look at their own data practices.--Realizing that they had an overwhelming lack of transparency into their--learning initiatives and a great amount of data that had gone unused, the team--developed a transformation vision to create a single system of record for--learning to enable observability, granularity, and accountability for all team--members. The team was committed to the vision of xAPI; however, the data and--information they needed in order to make actionable change for their learners--was locked away in non-interoperable formats, and they recognized the need to--develop a data strategy and implementation plan. --In--this case study session, you will see how the organization’s L&D team--created an xAPI data roadmap to not only achieve early wins when it came to the--executive business objectives, but also begin work on a scalable plan to build--out a modern, flexible ecosystem that has the needs of learners at its center. --In this session,--you will learn:----About the data strategy development process--How to connect an organizational goal to a department-level--strategy--What an xAPI implementation looks like from a planning and--timeline perspective--How data sources, integrations, and learning record stores--work together--What the results of a unified xAPI learning ecosystem can--look like--Best practices, look-fors, and gotchas in the xAPI--implementation process----Audience: --Designers, managers, and senior--leaders (directors, VPs, CLOs, executives, etc.).--Technology--discussed in this session:--xAPI, learning analytics, data--dashboards, learning record stores, LMSs, data integrations, HRISs, learning--tools, and data sources.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Allie Tscheulin--VP Business Development Yet Analytics

SPEAKER_BIO:Allie Tscheulin is the VP of business development at Yet Analytics. She is passionate about demystifying the Experience API (xAPI), the open-source data specification, so professionals and organizations can get the most from their learning initiatives. Allie works with organizations to design, develop, and execute learning and performance analytics to better employees and learners alike.",Creating a Data-Driven L&D Team—an xAPI Case Study - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SXAPI203 Outside the LMS: Four Creative Ways to Send Data------------12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Thursday, October 25 ------------Expo Hall: xAPI Central Showcase Stage------------Sometimes you have to get creative to gather the data you need for--your digital learning project. xAPI opens up the ability to track all sorts of--activity that happens outside the LMS, but sometimes the “how” of getting that--data calls for a bit of creativity. --In this session, you’ll look at how to capture data about--classroom sessions, simple sensors, images and paper worksheets, and surveys. You--can use this data to provide a complete picture of activity on a learning--transcript, in learning analytics, in personalizing learning experiences, and--triggering other actions or assignments. Four simple xAPI-based solutions will--be shared in this fast-paced session: a simple classroom session roster that--sends an xAPI completion statement to an LRS; a SurveyGizmo approach that--captures weekly progress updates and can match that data up with Slack activity--data to get insights about team productivity; a mashup of RocketBook and xAPI that--can record flip charts and workshop activities as xAPI statements; and a simple--conference door sensor that lets people know when the room is in use and sends--an xAPI statement to an LRS. --In this session,--you will learn:----About options for capturing data--outside of an LMS using xAPI--About real examples of using xAPI to--track data in a wide variety of situations--What xAPI statements were used to--create these examples--How to rethink what actions you can--capture, both digitally and in the real world, with xAPI----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--xAPI, SurveyGizmo, LRS, LMS, and RocketBook.-- ------------Megan Torrance--CEO TorranceLearning--Megan Torrance is CEO and founder of TorranceLearning, which helps organizations connect learning strategy to design, development, data, and ultimately performance. Megan has over 25 years of experience in learning design, deployment, and consulting. Megan and the TorranceLearning team are passionate about sharing what works in learning, so they devote considerable time to teaching and sharing about agile project management for learning experience design and, of course, the Experience API (xAPI). TorranceLearning hosts the xAPI Learning Cohort, a free, virtual 12-week learning-by-doing opportunity where teams form on the fly and create proof-of-concept xAPI projects.------<    
TIME:12:15 PM - 1:00 PM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Sometimes you have to get creative to gather the data you need for--your digital learning project. xAPI opens up the ability to track all sorts of--activity that happens outside the LMS, but sometimes the “how” of getting that--data calls for a bit of creativity. --In this session, you’ll look at how to capture data about--classroom sessions, simple sensors, images and paper worksheets, and surveys. You--can use this data to provide a complete picture of activity on a learning--transcript, in learning analytics, in personalizing learning experiences, and--triggering other actions or assignments. Four simple xAPI-based solutions will--be shared in this fast-paced session: a simple classroom session roster that--sends an xAPI completion statement to an LRS; a SurveyGizmo approach that--captures weekly progress updates and can match that data up with Slack activity--data to get insights about team productivity; a mashup of RocketBook and xAPI that--can record flip charts and workshop activities as xAPI statements; and a simple--conference door sensor that lets people know when the room is in use and sends--an xAPI statement to an LRS. --In this session,--you will learn:----About options for capturing data--outside of an LMS using xAPI--About real examples of using xAPI to--track data in a wide variety of situations--What xAPI statements were used to--create these examples--How to rethink what actions you can--capture, both digitally and in the real world, with xAPI----Audience: --Designers and developers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--xAPI, SurveyGizmo, LRS, LMS, and RocketBook.-- ,

SPEAKER_NAME:Megan Torrance--CEO TorranceLearning

SPEAKER_BIO:Megan Torrance is CEO and founder of TorranceLearning, which helps organizations connect learning strategy to design, development, data, and ultimately performance. Megan has over 25 years of experience in learning design, deployment, and consulting. Megan and the TorranceLearning team are passionate about sharing what works in learning, so they devote considerable time to teaching and sharing about agile project management for learning experience design and, of course, the Experience API (xAPI). TorranceLearning hosts the xAPI Learning Cohort, a free, virtual 12-week learning-by-doing opportunity where teams form on the fly and create proof-of-concept xAPI projects.",Outside the LMS: Four Creative Ways to Send Data - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SXAPI106 Closing the Loop: When Learning Experience Meets Work Experience------------3:15 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: xAPI Central Showcase Stage------------Halliburton is one of the leading global oil and gas services--companies. It has more than 50,000 employees and 14 product service lines, which--means any improvement in efficiency is a major win. Its oil and gas exploration--clients and internal Halliburton employees use Landmark software to identify drilling--locations and make technical decisions on how to drill, an activity that can take--up to 40 percent of their work time. That’s why it’s so important to help these--users learn how to best use this software: so they can not only find the best locations--for drilling and make the best technical decisions, but also identify them more--quickly by leveraging everything the software has to offer. In order to develop--resources to help these users, it’s important to be connected to the field and to--understand how people are working and learning. The better you understand the process--as applied in reality, the better you can evaluate the data and see if you are missing--anything.--In this session, you will learn how a Halliburton team approached the--exploration of new, innovative learning strategies by first using an online survey--tool with embedded video content from their Kaltura video platform and added questions--to assess learning. You’ll then see how they combined the experiences from their--Halliburton software, Kaltura video platform, and online learning activities into--one dashboard using xAPI and the Watershed learning analytics platform. In addition--to understanding how people are using the software, they can identify who isn’t--and why. Through Kaltura and Watershed, they have a 360-degree--view of what’s going on and how training has a real-world impact on users’ behavior.--In this session, you--will learn:----About Halliburton’s dashboard using xAPI--and the Watershed learning analytics platform--How Kaltura and Watershed provided a 360-degree--view of how training has a real-world impact on users--How they improved the way users interact--with the software through training, as well as measured the training’s effectiveness----Audience: --Advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Kaltura, Watershed LRS, and xAPI.------------------Amir Bar--Global Advisor Halliburton--Amir Bar is a global advisor for Halliburton focusing on knowledge and processes analytics. His experience includes building online learning environments and merging them with operational data. Outside of the oil and gas industry, Amir serves as a board member of the Houston Branch of the International Dyslexia Association (HBIDA) and an adjunct lecturer in the graduate school of technology and education at the Kibbutzim College. He holds an undergraduate degree in psychology with focus on industrial organization psychology and a master’s degree in human resource development (HRD).------------------Yair Leshem--Sr. Director of Product and Business Development Kaltura--Yair Leshem, the senior director of product and business development at Kaltura, has over 15 years of product management and business development leadership in global markets, various industries and a range of technologies—online video, SaaS, enterprise and higher education, cyber, mobile, and consumer electronics. Yair defines himself as a dreamer with a practical attitude and a realistic approach, focused on creating value, generating revenue, accelerating growth and delivering results. At Kaltura, Yair helps companies and education institutions increase productivity and bring more value to their users via various video products and workflows.--------------<    
TIME:3:15 PM - 4:00 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Halliburton is one of the leading global oil and gas services--companies. It has more than 50,000 employees and 14 product service lines, which--means any improvement in efficiency is a major win. Its oil and gas exploration--clients and internal Halliburton employees use Landmark software to identify drilling--locations and make technical decisions on how to drill, an activity that can take--up to 40 percent of their work time. That’s why it’s so important to help these--users learn how to best use this software: so they can not only find the best locations--for drilling and make the best technical decisions, but also identify them more--quickly by leveraging everything the software has to offer. In order to develop--resources to help these users, it’s important to be connected to the field and to--understand how people are working and learning. The better you understand the process--as applied in reality, the better you can evaluate the data and see if you are missing--anything.--In this session, you will learn how a Halliburton team approached the--exploration of new, innovative learning strategies by first using an online survey--tool with embedded video content from their Kaltura video platform and added questions--to assess learning. You’ll then see how they combined the experiences from their--Halliburton software, Kaltura video platform, and online learning activities into--one dashboard using xAPI and the Watershed learning analytics platform. In addition--to understanding how people are using the software, they can identify who isn’t--and why. Through Kaltura and Watershed, they have a 360-degree--view of what’s going on and how training has a real-world impact on users’ behavior.--In this session, you--will learn:----About Halliburton’s dashboard using xAPI--and the Watershed learning analytics platform--How Kaltura and Watershed provided a 360-degree--view of how training has a real-world impact on users--How they improved the way users interact--with the software through training, as well as measured the training’s effectiveness----Audience: --Advanced designers, managers, and senior leaders (directors, VP, CLO,--executive, etc.).--Technology discussed--in this session:--Kaltura, Watershed LRS, and xAPI.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Yair Leshem--Sr. Director of Product and Business Development Kaltura

SPEAKER_BIO:Yair Leshem, the senior director of product and business development at Kaltura, has over 15 years of product management and business development leadership in global markets, various industries and a range of technologies—online video, SaaS, enterprise and higher education, cyber, mobile, and consumer electronics. Yair defines himself as a dreamer with a practical attitude and a realistic approach, focused on creating value, generating revenue, accelerating growth and delivering results. At Kaltura, Yair helps companies and education institutions increase productivity and bring more value to their users via various video products and workflows.,Closing the Loop: When Learning Experience Meets Work Experience - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:807 Case Study: How Mini Learning Games Drove Retention at FCA------------10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Games and Gamification----------Montego B------------Just like FCA dealership sales consultants,--many employees have to recall hundreds of facts at a moment’s notice. FCA--typically improves performance using traditional blended learning approaches.--With the advent of mobile gaming, they realized that they needed to explore new--ways of helping learners retain information. And the end result needed to be--easy to access, quick, and facilitate frequent and extended engagement.--FCA’s solution: BrainBoost, a platform that--serves up a suite of mini learning games. The games are mobile and designed to--last three to five minutes, so consultants can play in between sales or after--hours. Keeping it short and having an “anywhere, anytime” approach encourages--frequent and ongoing engagement. The games primarily use repetition and gaming--elements to allow consultants to quickly and accurately recall information. And--FCA created a gaming management system that universally handles login,--peer-to-peer challenges, and a leaderboard to bring learners back.--In this session, you will--learn:----About FCA Performance Institute’s strategy for--mobile learning games--How to create a game management system to support--a suite of mini games--Core steps and tools to design and produce a learning--game--How to use repetition, a variety of gaming elements,--and other techniques to increase retention--Approaches that FCA used to keep learners coming--back----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).------------Paul Gustafson--Manager of Interactive Strategy, Design, and Production FCA US--Paul Gustafson is a manager of interactive strategy, design, and production at FCA Performance Institute. He is a pioneer in the field of digital learning and has directed the design and creation of over 2,300 high-end user-centric interactive learning initiatives. For over 32 years, he has been creating leading-edge and highly effective learning systems, courseware, and tools for multiple audiences, content, and channels. Working with his team, he integrates thoughtful innovation, instructional techniques, engaging interactivity, and smart features into everything he does. Paul has his own collection of critical design elements and is always looking at emerging methods and platforms to impact learning.------<    
TIME:10:00 AM - 11:00 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Just like FCA dealership sales consultants,--many employees have to recall hundreds of facts at a moment’s notice. FCA--typically improves performance using traditional blended learning approaches.--With the advent of mobile gaming, they realized that they needed to explore new--ways of helping learners retain information. And the end result needed to be--easy to access, quick, and facilitate frequent and extended engagement.--FCA’s solution: BrainBoost, a platform that--serves up a suite of mini learning games. The games are mobile and designed to--last three to five minutes, so consultants can play in between sales or after--hours. Keeping it short and having an “anywhere, anytime” approach encourages--frequent and ongoing engagement. The games primarily use repetition and gaming--elements to allow consultants to quickly and accurately recall information. And--FCA created a gaming management system that universally handles login,--peer-to-peer challenges, and a leaderboard to bring learners back.--In this session, you will--learn:----About FCA Performance Institute’s strategy for--mobile learning games--How to create a game management system to support--a suite of mini games--Core steps and tools to design and produce a learning--game--How to use repetition, a variety of gaming elements,--and other techniques to increase retention--Approaches that FCA used to keep learners coming--back----Audience: --Designers, developers, managers, and senior leaders (directors,--VP, CLO, executive, etc.).


SPEAKER_NAME:Paul Gustafson--Manager of Interactive Strategy, Design, and Production FCA US"

SPEAKER_BIO:Paul Gustafson is a manager of interactive strategy, design, and production at FCA Performance Institute. He is a pioneer in the field of digital learning and has directed the design and creation of over 2,300 high-end user-centric interactive learning initiatives. For over 32 years, he has been creating leading-edge and highly effective learning systems, courseware, and tools for multiple audiences, content, and channels. Working with his team, he integrates thoughtful innovation, instructional techniques, engaging interactivity, and smart features into everything he does. Paul has his own collection of critical design elements and is always looking at emerging methods and platforms to impact learning.",Case Study: How Mini Learning Games Drove Retention at FCA - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:SMNX107 Yukon Scavenger Hunt------------5:30 PM - 6:15 PM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Expo Hall: Management Xchange Stage------------Get moving and mingling with Yukon Learning, host of the DevLearn--2018 Expo Reception! You’ll have a great time navigating the Expo Hall in this fun-filled--Yukon Scavenger Hunt. Discover various clues, all building up to a secret and the--grand finale for a chance to walk away with the grand prize: a sleek new iPad loaded--with some awesome freebies.------------Ron Price--Chief Learning Officer Yukon Learning--Ron Price is the chief learning officer at Yukon Learning. His name is synonymous with “great Articulate training.” Ron brings a unique approach to delivering the message, with real-world examples drawn from over 25 years of experience in organizational and leadership development, instructional design, business coaching, and experiential learning. As CLO of Yukon Learning, the strategic training partner for Articulate, Ron works closely with the Articulate engineers and community team to design and develop certified training programs for Articulate Studio and Storyline. When not facilitating or designing eLearning solutions for Yukon customers, he also oversees the certification process for Yukon’s global training partners. ------<    
TIME:5:30 PM - 6:15 PM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Get moving and mingling with Yukon Learning, host of the DevLearn--2018 Expo Reception! You’ll have a great time navigating the Expo Hall in this fun-filled--Yukon Scavenger Hunt. Discover various clues, all building up to a secret and the--grand finale for a chance to walk away with the grand prize: a sleek new iPad loaded--with some awesome freebies.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Ron Price--Chief Learning Officer Yukon Learning

SPEAKER_BIO:Ron Price is the chief learning officer at Yukon Learning. His name is synonymous with “great Articulate training.” Ron brings a unique approach to delivering the message, with real-world examples drawn from over 25 years of experience in organizational and leadership development, instructional design, business coaching, and experiential learning. As CLO of Yukon Learning, the strategic training partner for Articulate, Ron works closely with the Articulate engineers and community team to design and develop certified training programs for Articulate Studio and Storyline. When not facilitating or designing eLearning solutions for Yukon customers, he also oversees the certification process for Yukon’s global training partners. ",Yukon Scavenger Hunt - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:713 Managing Video for eLearning ------------8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Video & Media----------St. Thomas B------------Video continues to have explosive growth as a delivery medium for--knowledge transfer events. Organizations are incorporating video-based learning--into the daily flow of work and establishing methods for delivery and tracking--of video assets in their learning ecosystem. This session will explore these--new workflows, as well as how video can become an integral part of your--students’ learning journey.--In this session, you’ll learn how to create a video action plan for--your training organization. The video action plan establishes student touchpoints--for video, channels for delivery, and the view analytics to be collected. You’ll--also learn about video content management systems and their benefits. You’ll leave--this session knowing the requirements for successful learner video content--creation and maintenance.--In this session,--you will learn:----How to establish a video action plan--for learning--Touchpoints of a video action plan--How to audit your video delivery--channels--About actionable video analytics--The benefits of a video content--management system (VCMS)----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--Video recording, video content management systems, metadata.------------Josh Cavalier--CEO and Founder Lodestone--Josh Cavalier, the CEO and founder of Lodestone, has worked in the eLearning industry for more than 23 years. Focusing on the intersection of education and technology, Josh specializes in education media production, rapid eLearning tool implementation, and microvideo creation. He has appeared in People magazine describing his method of historical digital photography, and he holds a BFA from the Rochester Institute of Technology.------<    
TIME:8:30 AM - 9:30 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Video continues to have explosive growth as a delivery medium for--knowledge transfer events. Organizations are incorporating video-based learning--into the daily flow of work and establishing methods for delivery and tracking--of video assets in their learning ecosystem. This session will explore these--new workflows, as well as how video can become an integral part of your--students’ learning journey.--In this session, you’ll learn how to create a video action plan for--your training organization. The video action plan establishes student touchpoints--for video, channels for delivery, and the view analytics to be collected. You’ll--also learn about video content management systems and their benefits. You’ll leave--this session knowing the requirements for successful learner video content--creation and maintenance.--In this session,--you will learn:----How to establish a video action plan--for learning--Touchpoints of a video action plan--How to audit your video delivery--channels--About actionable video analytics--The benefits of a video content--management system (VCMS)----Audience: --Designers, developers, and managers.--Technology--discussed in this session:--Video recording, video content management systems, metadata.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Josh Cavalier--CEO and Founder Lodestone

SPEAKER_BIO:Josh Cavalier, the CEO and founder of Lodestone, has worked in the eLearning industry for more than 23 years. Focusing on the intersection of education and technology, Josh specializes in education media production, rapid eLearning tool implementation, and microvideo creation. He has appeared in People magazine describing his method of historical digital photography, and he holds a BFA from the Rochester Institute of Technology.",Managing Video for eLearning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB01 Orientation and Docent Morning Buzz ------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Montego A------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------------Karen Hyder--Principal Kaleidoscope Training and Consulting--Karen Hyder has been teaching trainer-training programs for --virtual classes and coaching online presenters since 1999. She --has produced hundreds of online sessions, including for The --eLearning Guild’s Online Forums, Thought Leaders Webinars, --and ""Best of"" Webinars. Karen uses the trainer competencies --of CompTIA’s Certified Technical Trainer (CTT+) to help --technical trainers and subject-matter experts prepare for --online sessions, master online presentation skills, and engage --learners throughout sessions. She frequently speaks at --industry events on using virtual classroom tools to support --learning. Karen co-authored The eLearning Guild’s --Handbook on Synchronous eLearning, and authored --Up and Running with WebEx Training Center for --lynda.com. ------------------Tracy Parish--Education Technology Specialist Southlake Regional Health Centre--Tracy Parish is an education technology specialist for a Regional Health --Centre. She has a diverse educational background of computer programming, --adult educational training, eLearning design and development leading to an --instructional design career. Tracy has over 12 years of experience including --face-to-face and online instructional design, development, and project --management, as well as LMS implementation and administration. Her work --involves collaboration with various hospital SMEs leading to the creation of an --extensive catalog of content for staff and patients. Tracy is an active Articulate --Community Hero, co-host of the Toronto Storyline User Group, and the social --media/marketing director for the Canadian Elearning Conference.----------------------Melissa Chambers--Online Instructional Specialist MSC Consulting--Melissa Chambers is an online instructional specialist at MSC Consulting and a contract speaker coach/host for The eLearning Guild’s Online Forums and Guild Academy. Melissa has over 19 years’ experience in creative media production, project and change management, online instructional design, and eLearning strategy development, and has been designing, producing, and coaching for synchronous online programs since 2002. She holds a master’s degree in instructional design for online learning, and has spearheaded award-winning programs in eLearning, process improvement, and strategic development. Melissa has a passion for lifelong learning, technology, cultivating creativity, and having fun while working.------------------Bianca Woods--Sr. Manager of Programming The eLearning Guild--Bianca Woods is a senior manager of programming for The eLearning Guild. --With degrees in both art education and education media design and --technology, she focuses on creating practical learning experiences that take --advantage of the clarity and immersiveness that technology and good --design can offer. Bianca has years of experience in education, including --designing in-class courses, eBooks, eLearning, videos, and other media for --BMO Financial Group; creating interprofessional collaboration content for --Training Pirates; and working as a classroom teacher.------------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Bianca Woods--Sr. Manager of Programming The eLearning Guild

SPEAKER_BIO:Bianca Woods is a senior manager of programming for The eLearning Guild. --With degrees in both art education and education media design and --technology, she focuses on creating practical learning experiences that take --advantage of the clarity and immersiveness that technology and good --design can offer. Bianca has years of experience in education, including --designing in-class courses, eBooks, eLearning, videos, and other media for --BMO Financial Group; creating interprofessional collaboration content for --Training Pirates; and working as a classroom teacher.",Orientation and Docent Morning Buzz - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB02 Designing a Data Strategy------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------St. Croix A------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------------Margaret Roth--Chief Customer Experience Officer Yet Analytics--Margaret Roth is the chief customer experience officer at Yet Analytics, a Baltimore-based company that provides tools and solutions to improve learning and talent development. Margaret is interested in the development and design of connected learning environments that leverage xAPI and blended learning. Her background is in experiential education, curriculum design, teaching, and team development. She is the VP of community impact for the Junior League of Baltimore, a member of the SXSWedu Advisory Board, and a co-founder of EdTechWomen. Margaret received her BA in English and environmental earth science and her MA in teaching from Johns Hopkins University.------------------Allie Tscheulin--VP Business Development Yet Analytics --Allie Tscheulin is the VP of business development at Yet Analytics. She is passionate about demystifying the Experience API (xAPI), the open-source data specification, so professionals and organizations can get the most from their learning initiatives. Allie works with organizations to design, develop, and execute learning and performance analytics to better employees and learners alike.------------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Allie Tscheulin--VP Business Development Yet Analytics

SPEAKER_BIO:Allie Tscheulin is the VP of business development at Yet Analytics. She is passionate about demystifying the Experience API (xAPI), the open-source data specification, so professionals and organizations can get the most from their learning initiatives. Allie works with organizations to design, develop, and execute learning and performance analytics to better employees and learners alike.",Designing a Data Strategy - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB03 Curation in the Workplace------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Bermuda AB------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Mike Taylor--Director of Learning Technology Mindset Digital--Mike Taylor directs learning technology and online learning at Mindset --Digital in Columbus, Ohio. He has over 20 years of experience successfully --developing and deploying a wide variety of learning strategies and --technologies. Mike holds an MBA degree from Ohio University and a --master’s degree in educational technology from San Diego State University.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Mike Taylor--Director of Learning Technology Mindset Digital

SPEAKER_BIO:Mike Taylor directs learning technology and online learning at Mindset --Digital in Columbus, Ohio. He has over 20 years of experience successfully --developing and deploying a wide variety of learning strategies and --technologies. Mike holds an MBA degree from Ohio University and a --master’s degree in educational technology from San Diego State University.",Curation in the Workplace - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB04 Design Thinking------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Montego C------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------------Kristin Machac--Assistant Professor, MFA Design Thinking Radford University--Kristin Machac is an assistant professor of the online MFA in design thinking --program at Radford University. She has more than a decade of instructional --design experience in corporate and higher education environments. Kristin --has led creative thinking and problem-solving workshops, and she has --presented regionally and nationally on topics such as solving business --problems with design thinking, enhancing online learning with personal --interaction, and applying design thinking to course design.------------------Holly Cline-- Department of Design Chair and Professor of Interior Design Radford University--Holly L. Cline is a department chair for the Department of Design and the --online MFA in design thinking at Radford University. She holds a PhD and --earned her degrees from Virginia Tech, University of Kentucky, and Centre --College. Holly is certified by the National Council for Interior Designers --(NCIDQ), is a LEED accredited professional, and has taught for over 21 --years. She is passionate about finding innovative solutions and innovation --within the parameters of design thinking and socially responsible design. --Holly has received numerous professional awards, been a keynote speaker --for multiple organizations in Virginia, and presented both nationally and --internationally. --------------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Holly Cline-- Department of Design Chair and Professor of Interior Design Radford University

SPEAKER_BIO:Holly L. Cline is a department chair for the Department of Design and the --online MFA in design thinking at Radford University. She holds a PhD and --earned her degrees from Virginia Tech, University of Kentucky, and Centre --College. Holly is certified by the National Council for Interior Designers --(NCIDQ), is a LEED accredited professional, and has taught for over 21 --years. She is passionate about finding innovative solutions and innovation --within the parameters of design thinking and socially responsible design. --Holly has received numerous professional awards, been a keynote speaker --for multiple organizations in Virginia, and presented both nationally and --internationally. ,Design Thinking - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB05 More Effective Virtual Classrooms------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Andros AB------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Jennifer Hofmann--Founder and President InSync Training--Jennifer Hofmann, the founder and president of InSync Training, is a virtual classroom and blended learning pioneer. Her entirely virtual consulting firm specializes in the design and delivery of engaging, innovative, and effective modern blended learning. Jennifer has written and contributed to a number of books, including The Synchronous Trainer’s Survival Guide: Facilitating Successful Live and Online Courses, Meetings, and Events; Live and Online! Tips, Techniques, and Ready-to-Use Activities for the Virtual Classroom; and Tailored Learning: Designing the Blend That Fits, with Nanette Miner. Her latest book, Blended Learning, introduces a new instructional design model that addresses the needs of the modern workplace and modern learners. Jennifer frequently presents in-person and online for leading learning organizations. ------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jennifer Hofmann--Founder and President InSync Training

SPEAKER_BIO:Jennifer Hofmann, the founder and president of InSync Training, is a virtual classroom and blended learning pioneer. Her entirely virtual consulting firm specializes in the design and delivery of engaging, innovative, and effective modern blended learning. Jennifer has written and contributed to a number of books, including The Synchronous Trainer’s Survival Guide: Facilitating Successful Live and Online Courses, Meetings, and Events; Live and Online! Tips, Techniques, and Ready-to-Use Activities for the Virtual Classroom; and Tailored Learning: Designing the Blend That Fits, with Nanette Miner. Her latest book, Blended Learning, introduces a new instructional design model that addresses the needs of the modern workplace and modern learners. Jennifer frequently presents in-person and online for leading learning organizations. ",More Effective Virtual Classrooms - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB06 Video Strategies for Learning ------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Montego DE------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Josh Cavalier--CEO and Founder Lodestone--Josh Cavalier, the CEO and founder of Lodestone, has worked in the eLearning industry for more than 23 years. Focusing on the intersection of education and technology, Josh specializes in education media production, rapid eLearning tool implementation, and microvideo creation. He has appeared in People magazine describing his method of historical digital photography, and he holds a BFA from the Rochester Institute of Technology.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Josh Cavalier--CEO and Founder Lodestone

SPEAKER_BIO:Josh Cavalier, the CEO and founder of Lodestone, has worked in the eLearning industry for more than 23 years. Focusing on the intersection of education and technology, Josh specializes in education media production, rapid eLearning tool implementation, and microvideo creation. He has appeared in People magazine describing his method of historical digital photography, and he holds a BFA from the Rochester Institute of Technology.",Video Strategies for Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB07 Stretching Your Training Budget with No- or Low-Cost Tools------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Jamaica AB------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Carol Munir--Sr. Director ADP--Carol Munir, senior director of talent and development ops at ADP, is a learning professional and ISD with nearly 20 years’ experience who specializes in deploying innovative, global solutions for talent development. Prior to ADP, Carol was senior manager of US training at QuintilesIMS and manager of global L&D at Starwood Hotels & Resorts. She delivered “Making Virtual Training Engaging” at the 2015 DevLearn conference. Most recently, she facilitated the session “Design on a Dime” at the 2017 Learning DevCamp conference. Her passion is enhancing the learner experience by personalizing content to drive a pull, not push strategy.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Carol Munir--Sr. Director ADP

SPEAKER_BIO:Carol Munir, senior director of talent and development ops at ADP, is a learning professional and ISD with nearly 20 years’ experience who specializes in deploying innovative, global solutions for talent development. Prior to ADP, Carol was senior manager of US training at QuintilesIMS and manager of global L&D at Starwood Hotels & Resorts. She delivered “Making Virtual Training Engaging” at the 2015 DevLearn conference. Most recently, she facilitated the session “Design on a Dime” at the 2017 Learning DevCamp conference. Her passion is enhancing the learner experience by personalizing content to drive a pull, not push strategy.",Stretching Your Training Budget with No- or Low-Cost Tools - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB08 How to Support Social Learning------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Antigua A------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Mark Britz--Sr. Manager, Programming The eLearning Guild--Mark is the senior manager of onsite learning events at The eLearning --Guild. Prior to joining The eLearning Guild, he had worked over 15 years --designing and managing learning solutions with organizations such as --Smartforce, Pearson Digital Learning, the SUNY Research Foundation, --and Aspen Dental Management. His work and writing have been --highlighted in the books Revolutionize Learning and Development: --Performance and Innovation Strategy for the Information Age and The --Social Learning Handbook. Additionally he is a Service Partner for the --702010 Institute where he works to advance organizational learning --strategies. Mark regularly presents and writes on his blog, The Simple --Shift about the use of social media for learning, collaborative networks, --and organizational design.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.


SPEAKER_NAME:Mark Britz--Sr. Manager, Programming The eLearning Guild"

SPEAKER_BIO:Mark is the senior manager of onsite learning events at The eLearning --Guild. Prior to joining The eLearning Guild, he had worked over 15 years --designing and managing learning solutions with organizations such as --Smartforce, Pearson Digital Learning, the SUNY Research Foundation, --and Aspen Dental Management. His work and writing have been --highlighted in the books Revolutionize Learning and Development: --Performance and Innovation Strategy for the Information Age and The --Social Learning Handbook. Additionally he is a Service Partner for the --702010 Institute where he works to advance organizational learning --strategies. Mark regularly presents and writes on his blog, The Simple --Shift about the use of social media for learning, collaborative networks, --and organizational design.",How to Support Social Learning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB09 Building Your eLearning Portfolio------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------St. Croix B------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Ashley Chiasson--Instructional Designer and eLearning Developer Ashley Chiasson Consulting--Ashley Chiasson is an instructional designer and consultant with over a decade of experience developing high-quality eLearning solutions for various clients. She holds a master’s degree in education and a bachelor of arts in linguistics and psychology. In addition to being a small-business owner, Ashley is a part-time faculty member at Mount Saint Vincent University, Canada, and is an instructional designer at Nova Scotia Community College.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Ashley Chiasson--Instructional Designer and eLearning Developer Ashley Chiasson Consulting

SPEAKER_BIO:Ashley Chiasson is an instructional designer and consultant with over a decade of experience developing high-quality eLearning solutions for various clients. She holds a master’s degree in education and a bachelor of arts in linguistics and psychology. In addition to being a small-business owner, Ashley is a part-time faculty member at Mount Saint Vincent University, Canada, and is an instructional designer at Nova Scotia Community College.",Building Your eLearning Portfolio - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB10 Emerging Tech: What Excites You?------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Antigua B------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Nick Floro--Learning Architect & CEO Sealworks Interactive Studios--Nick Floro is the president of Sealworks Interactive Studios. Nick has over 25 --years of experience developing eLearning solutions, applications, and web --platforms. He has worked with numerous Fortune 500 companies to help --them understand the technology and develop innovative solutions to help --their teams and customer base. Nick has won several awards from Apple and --Fortune 500 organizations for productions and services. He is passionate --about how design and technology can enhance learning and loves to share his --knowledge and experience to teach, inspire, and motivate participants.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Nick Floro--Learning Architect & CEO Sealworks Interactive Studios

SPEAKER_BIO:Nick Floro is the president of Sealworks Interactive Studios. Nick has over 25 --years of experience developing eLearning solutions, applications, and web --platforms. He has worked with numerous Fortune 500 companies to help --them understand the technology and develop innovative solutions to help --their teams and customer base. Nick has won several awards from Apple and --Fortune 500 organizations for productions and services. He is passionate --about how design and technology can enhance learning and loves to share his --knowledge and experience to teach, inspire, and motivate participants.",Emerging Tech: What Excites You? - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB11 Learning and Performance Ecosystems------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Montego B------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------------Marc Rosenberg--President Marc Rosenberg and Associates--Marc Rosenberg is a leading authority and author in training, organizational learning, eLearning, knowledge management, and performance improvement. He has written two best-selling books, E-Learning: Strategies for Delivering Knowledge in the Digital Age and Beyond E-Learning: Approaches and Technologies to Enhance Organizational Knowledge, Learning and Performance. “Marc My Words,” his collection of over 100 columns from 2010 through 2018, is archived online in The eLearning Guild’s magazine Learning Solutions. Marc is past president and honorary life member of the International Society for Performance Improvement, has spoken at the White House, debated eLearning’s future at Oxford University, authored over 50 articles, and is frequently quoted in major trade publications. Marc was awarded the Guild Master Award in 2013 for his accomplishments and contributions to the eLearning community.------------------Steve Foreman--President InfoMedia Designs--Steve Foreman is the author of The LMS Guidebook and president of InfoMedia Designs, a provider of eLearning infrastructure consulting services and technology solutions to large companies, academic institutions, professional associations, government, and military. Steve works with forward-looking organizations to find new and effective ways to apply computer technology to support human performance. His work includes enterprise learning strategy, learning and performance ecosystem solutions, LMS selection and implementation, learning-technology architecture and integration, expert-knowledge harvesting, knowledge management, and innovative performance-centered solutions that blend working and learning.------------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Steve Foreman--President InfoMedia Designs

SPEAKER_BIO:Steve Foreman is the author of The LMS Guidebook and president of InfoMedia Designs, a provider of eLearning infrastructure consulting services and technology solutions to large companies, academic institutions, professional associations, government, and military. Steve works with forward-looking organizations to find new and effective ways to apply computer technology to support human performance. His work includes enterprise learning strategy, learning and performance ecosystem solutions, LMS selection and implementation, learning-technology architecture and integration, expert-knowledge harvesting, knowledge management, and innovative performance-centered solutions that blend working and learning.",Learning and Performance Ecosystems - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB31 Project Management Jam Session—What Works, What Doesn't------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Montego DE------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Megan Torrance--CEO TorranceLearning--Megan Torrance is CEO and founder of TorranceLearning, which helps organizations connect learning strategy to design, development, data, and ultimately performance. Megan has over 25 years of experience in learning design, deployment, and consulting. Megan and the TorranceLearning team are passionate about sharing what works in learning, so they devote considerable time to teaching and sharing about agile project management for learning experience design and, of course, the Experience API (xAPI). TorranceLearning hosts the xAPI Learning Cohort, a free, virtual 12-week learning-by-doing opportunity where teams form on the fly and create proof-of-concept xAPI projects.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Megan Torrance--CEO TorranceLearning

SPEAKER_BIO:Megan Torrance is CEO and founder of TorranceLearning, which helps organizations connect learning strategy to design, development, data, and ultimately performance. Megan has over 25 years of experience in learning design, deployment, and consulting. Megan and the TorranceLearning team are passionate about sharing what works in learning, so they devote considerable time to teaching and sharing about agile project management for learning experience design and, of course, the Experience API (xAPI). TorranceLearning hosts the xAPI Learning Cohort, a free, virtual 12-week learning-by-doing opportunity where teams form on the fly and create proof-of-concept xAPI projects."
Project Management Jam Session—What Works, What Doesn't - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018"

SESSION_DETAILS:MB13 Unique Places to Find Design Inspiration------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------Barbados AB------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Kevin Thorn--Chief NuggetHead and Owner NuggetHead Studioz--Kevin Thorn is an award-winning eLearning designer and developer, consultant, and owner of NuggetHead Studioz, a boutique custom design and development studio. After retiring from the US Army, Kevin pursued a career in corporate IT and training and development. With his combined military and industry experience, Kevin started the Studioz in 2012. He works with clients in various industries. Kevin is a well-known industry speaker and trainer and a certified facilitator in LEGO Serious Play methodologies. He holds a BS in information technology management from Christian Brothers University and an MS in instructional design and technology from the University of Memphis.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Kevin Thorn--Chief NuggetHead and Owner NuggetHead Studioz

SPEAKER_BIO:Kevin Thorn is an award-winning eLearning designer and developer, consultant, and owner of NuggetHead Studioz, a boutique custom design and development studio. After retiring from the US Army, Kevin pursued a career in corporate IT and training and development. With his combined military and industry experience, Kevin started the Studioz in 2012. He works with clients in various industries. Kevin is a well-known industry speaker and trainer and a certified facilitator in LEGO Serious Play methodologies. He holds a BS in information technology management from Christian Brothers University and an MS in instructional design and technology from the University of Memphis.",Unique Places to Find Design Inspiration - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB14 Measuring the Effectiveness of Learning Solutions------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------St. Thomas B------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Janet Laane Effron--Data Scientist HT2--Janet Laane Effron is a data scientist at HT2, an award-winning innovator in learning technology, where she develops learning analytics models to support improved design and performance. She has worked on xAPI design projects related to designing for performance outcomes and designing both for and in response to data and analytics. Janet’s areas of interest include text analytics, machine learning, and process improvement. She is also the co-author of Investigating Performance: Design and Outcomes with xAPI.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Janet Laane Effron--Data Scientist HT2

SPEAKER_BIO:Janet Laane Effron is a data scientist at HT2, an award-winning innovator in learning technology, where she develops learning analytics models to support improved design and performance. She has worked on xAPI design projects related to designing for performance outcomes and designing both for and in response to data and analytics. Janet’s areas of interest include text analytics, machine learning, and process improvement. She is also the co-author of Investigating Performance: Design and Outcomes with xAPI.",Measuring the Effectiveness of Learning Solutions - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB15 Docent Morning Buzz 2: Reflection & Projection------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Montego A------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------------Karen Hyder--Principal Kaleidoscope Training and Consulting--Karen Hyder has been teaching trainer-training programs for --virtual classes and coaching online presenters since 1999. She --has produced hundreds of online sessions, including for The --eLearning Guild’s Online Forums, Thought Leaders Webinars, --and ""Best of"" Webinars. Karen uses the trainer competencies --of CompTIA’s Certified Technical Trainer (CTT+) to help --technical trainers and subject-matter experts prepare for --online sessions, master online presentation skills, and engage --learners throughout sessions. She frequently speaks at --industry events on using virtual classroom tools to support --learning. Karen co-authored The eLearning Guild’s --Handbook on Synchronous eLearning, and authored --Up and Running with WebEx Training Center for --lynda.com. ------------------Tracy Parish--Education Technology Specialist Southlake Regional Health Centre--Tracy Parish is an education technology specialist for a Regional Health --Centre. She has a diverse educational background of computer programming, --adult educational training, eLearning design and development leading to an --instructional design career. Tracy has over 12 years of experience including --face-to-face and online instructional design, development, and project --management, as well as LMS implementation and administration. Her work --involves collaboration with various hospital SMEs leading to the creation of an --extensive catalog of content for staff and patients. Tracy is an active Articulate --Community Hero, co-host of the Toronto Storyline User Group, and the social --media/marketing director for the Canadian Elearning Conference.----------------------Melissa Chambers--Online Instructional Specialist MSC Consulting--Melissa Chambers is an online instructional specialist at MSC Consulting and a contract speaker coach/host for The eLearning Guild’s Online Forums and Guild Academy. Melissa has over 19 years’ experience in creative media production, project and change management, online instructional design, and eLearning strategy development, and has been designing, producing, and coaching for synchronous online programs since 2002. She holds a master’s degree in instructional design for online learning, and has spearheaded award-winning programs in eLearning, process improvement, and strategic development. Melissa has a passion for lifelong learning, technology, cultivating creativity, and having fun while working.------------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Melissa Chambers--Online Instructional Specialist MSC Consulting

SPEAKER_BIO:Melissa Chambers is an online instructional specialist at MSC Consulting and a contract speaker coach/host for The eLearning Guild’s Online Forums and Guild Academy. Melissa has over 19 years’ experience in creative media production, project and change management, online instructional design, and eLearning strategy development, and has been designing, producing, and coaching for synchronous online programs since 2002. She holds a master’s degree in instructional design for online learning, and has spearheaded award-winning programs in eLearning, process improvement, and strategic development. Melissa has a passion for lifelong learning, technology, cultivating creativity, and having fun while working.",Docent Morning Buzz 2: Reflection & Projection - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB16 Scaling VR in Training------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Andros AB------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Hugh Seaton--CEO Aquinas--Hugh Seaton is the CEO of Aquinas, which he founded in 2015 with the --mission of creating the best personalized learning delivery software available. --Virtual reality has been a passion of his for years, and he now runs two major --VR meetups in NYC and is co-founder of the NYVRExpo held in the Jacob --Javits center. Prior to Aquinas, Hugh ran training at Connecticut’s largest --startup incubator while holding an adjunct professorship at Sacred Heart --University. Hugh spent the first 18 years of his career in marketing and --advertising, running data-driven campaigns in the US and China. Hugh holds --an MBA from Columbia.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Hugh Seaton--CEO Aquinas

SPEAKER_BIO:Hugh Seaton is the CEO of Aquinas, which he founded in 2015 with the --mission of creating the best personalized learning delivery software available. --Virtual reality has been a passion of his for years, and he now runs two major --VR meetups in NYC and is co-founder of the NYVRExpo held in the Jacob --Javits center. Prior to Aquinas, Hugh ran training at Connecticut’s largest --startup incubator while holding an adjunct professorship at Sacred Heart --University. Hugh spent the first 18 years of his career in marketing and --advertising, running data-driven campaigns in the US and China. Hugh holds --an MBA from Columbia.",Scaling VR in Training - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB17 Trends That Are Shaping L&D------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Antigua A------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Myra Roldan--Instructional Designer/Program Manager Amazon--Myra Roldan is an instructional designer and program manager for Amazon with over 20 years of industry experience. She works with her clients to help them change the way they think about learning, to create and deliver learning solutions that drive performance change to prepare the organization for the next generation of learners. She advocates for the creation of learner-centric learning ecosystems that integrate new and emerging technologies along with a blend of learning methodologies. Myra holds a BS in computer science, an MSEd, and an MBA.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Myra Roldan--Instructional Designer/Program Manager Amazon

SPEAKER_BIO:Myra Roldan is an instructional designer and program manager for Amazon with over 20 years of industry experience. She works with her clients to help them change the way they think about learning, to create and deliver learning solutions that drive performance change to prepare the organization for the next generation of learners. She advocates for the creation of learner-centric learning ecosystems that integrate new and emerging technologies along with a blend of learning methodologies. Myra holds a BS in computer science, an MSEd, and an MBA.",Trends That Are Shaping L&D - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB18 Boosting Visual Design Skills------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Montego DE------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Bianca Woods--Sr. Manager of Programming The eLearning Guild--Bianca Woods is a senior manager of programming for The eLearning Guild. --With degrees in both art education and education media design and --technology, she focuses on creating practical learning experiences that take --advantage of the clarity and immersiveness that technology and good --design can offer. Bianca has years of experience in education, including --designing in-class courses, eBooks, eLearning, videos, and other media for --BMO Financial Group; creating interprofessional collaboration content for --Training Pirates; and working as a classroom teacher.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Bianca Woods--Sr. Manager of Programming The eLearning Guild

SPEAKER_BIO:Bianca Woods is a senior manager of programming for The eLearning Guild. --With degrees in both art education and education media design and --technology, she focuses on creating practical learning experiences that take --advantage of the clarity and immersiveness that technology and good --design can offer. Bianca has years of experience in education, including --designing in-class courses, eBooks, eLearning, videos, and other media for --BMO Financial Group; creating interprofessional collaboration content for --Training Pirates; and working as a classroom teacher.",Boosting Visual Design Skills - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB19 Strategies for Keeping Training Content Up-to-Date and Relevant ------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Montego C------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Sam Rogers--President Snap Synapse--Sam Rogers, the president of Snap Synapse, creates more effective, efficient, and engaging ways to deliver learning for clients including Google, Capital One, Deloitte, and AAA. He produced YouTube’s first online certification training, and he is a writer, director, producer, composer, and performer for stage and screen. Sam also writes and speaks frequently at conferences, sharing his passion for solving the problems that matter and inspiring learners to action.--------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Sam Rogers--President Snap Synapse

SPEAKER_BIO:Sam Rogers, the president of Snap Synapse, creates more effective, efficient, and engaging ways to deliver learning for clients including Google, Capital One, Deloitte, and AAA. He produced YouTube’s first online certification training, and he is a writer, director, producer, composer, and performer for stage and screen. Sam also writes and speaks frequently at conferences, sharing his passion for solving the problems that matter and inspiring learners to action.,Strategies for Keeping Training Content Up-to-Date and Relevant - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB20 Doing More with Less—Innovating on a Tight Budget------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------St. Croix A------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Shawn Rosler--Lead Analyst/Project Manager—EHR CBT Dev Team Geisinger Health Systems--Shawn Rosler, a lead analyst and project manager for Geisinger Health --Systems, has been an instructional designer and developer of dynamic, --interactive, and highly efficient computer and web-based training for over 10 --years; he’s also a frequent contributor to industry-based publications. From --adult learning theory to the real-world application of converting instructor-led --training to a computer or web base, he is an evangelist for economic --effectiveness.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Shawn Rosler--Lead Analyst/Project Manager—EHR CBT Dev Team Geisinger Health Systems

SPEAKER_BIO:Shawn Rosler, a lead analyst and project manager for Geisinger Health --Systems, has been an instructional designer and developer of dynamic, --interactive, and highly efficient computer and web-based training for over 10 --years; he’s also a frequent contributor to industry-based publications. From --adult learning theory to the real-world application of converting instructor-led --training to a computer or web base, he is an evangelist for economic --effectiveness.",Doing More with Less—Innovating on a Tight Budget - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB32 Designing Accessible and Inclusive Learning Experiences------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Andros AB------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Brian Dusablon--Founder Learning Ninjas--Brian Dusablon, the founder of Learning Ninjas, is an entrepreneur, coach, and generalist who has worked in the eLearning industry for over 20 years as a trainer, developer, instructional designer, LMS administrator, project manager, and consultant. At Learning Ninjas, Brian leads a collaborative consultancy focused on creating and teaching about accessible and effective learning solutions and technologies. Working with organizations and individuals, he applies existing and emerging technologies to simplify processes, improve performance, and measure outcomes. Brian frequently speaks on a range of topics, including accessibility, user experience, innovative technologies, and entrepreneurship.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Brian Dusablon--Founder Learning Ninjas

SPEAKER_BIO:Brian Dusablon, the founder of Learning Ninjas, is an entrepreneur, coach, and generalist who has worked in the eLearning industry for over 20 years as a trainer, developer, instructional designer, LMS administrator, project manager, and consultant. At Learning Ninjas, Brian leads a collaborative consultancy focused on creating and teaching about accessible and effective learning solutions and technologies. Working with organizations and individuals, he applies existing and emerging technologies to simplify processes, improve performance, and measure outcomes. Brian frequently speaks on a range of topics, including accessibility, user experience, innovative technologies, and entrepreneurship.",Designing Accessible and Inclusive Learning Experiences - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB22 Changing Mindsets About Learning and Development------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Jamaica AB------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Kasper Spiro--CEO Easygenerator--Kasper Spiro is the CEO of Easygenerator and an eLearning blogger, author (for eLearning Industry, Learning Solutions and others), and presenter at eLearning conferences all over the world. He believes the L&D industry is in the midst of fundamental changes. Kasper has over 30 years of experience in the field of learning and over 20 years in the eLearning industry: teaching, authoring textbooks, designing and creating eLearning, and developing knowledge management systems, user performance support systems, and eLearning systems. His previous roles include CEO of an early internet startup in the 1990s.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Kasper Spiro--CEO Easygenerator

SPEAKER_BIO:Kasper Spiro is the CEO of Easygenerator and an eLearning blogger, author (for eLearning Industry, Learning Solutions and others), and presenter at eLearning conferences all over the world. He believes the L&D industry is in the midst of fundamental changes. Kasper has over 30 years of experience in the field of learning and over 20 years in the eLearning industry: teaching, authoring textbooks, designing and creating eLearning, and developing knowledge management systems, user performance support systems, and eLearning systems. His previous roles include CEO of an early internet startup in the 1990s.",Changing Mindsets About Learning and Development - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB23 Building Your Skills for a Rapidly Changing L&D Industry------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------St. Thomas B------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Ann Rollins--Learning Strategist GP Strategies--Ann Rollins, a learning strategist for GP Strategies, is a modern --learning champion, published author, and instructional design leader --with 25 years of industry experience. At GP Strategies, she leads --learning strategy and innovation for Fortune 100 companies, guides --and crafts the upskilling efforts for L&D teams of global --organizations, and conducts enterprise learning needs assessments. --She creates ILT, VILT, eLearning, and blended solutions that --incorporate a variety of cutting-edge learning delivery approaches --and technology.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Ann Rollins--Learning Strategist GP Strategies

SPEAKER_BIO:Ann Rollins, a learning strategist for GP Strategies, is a modern --learning champion, published author, and instructional design leader --with 25 years of industry experience. At GP Strategies, she leads --learning strategy and innovation for Fortune 100 companies, guides --and crafts the upskilling efforts for L&D teams of global --organizations, and conducts enterprise learning needs assessments. --She creates ILT, VILT, eLearning, and blended solutions that --incorporate a variety of cutting-edge learning delivery approaches --and technology.",Building Your Skills for a Rapidly Changing L&D Industry - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB24 Getting Started as a Freelance Learning Designer------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Bermuda AB------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Cath Ellis--Learning Experience Designer Cath Ellis Learning Design--Cath Ellis is a freelance learning experience designer at Cath Ellis Learning Design, a boutique eLearning company in Melbourne, Australia. She has more than a decade of experience creating authentic and powerful learning experiences for clients across the globe. She has a bachelor of adult learning and development and has just completed her master of digital technology in education from the University of Melbourne. --------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Cath Ellis--Learning Experience Designer Cath Ellis Learning Design

SPEAKER_BIO:Cath Ellis is a freelance learning experience designer at Cath Ellis Learning Design, a boutique eLearning company in Melbourne, Australia. She has more than a decade of experience creating authentic and powerful learning experiences for clients across the globe. She has a bachelor of adult learning and development and has just completed her master of digital technology in education from the University of Melbourne. ,Getting Started as a Freelance Learning Designer - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB25 Using AR in Performance Support------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Montego B------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Jeff Batt--Founder Learning Dojo--Jeff Batt is founder and trainer at Learning Dojo, a company dedicated to training you to become a software ninja in a variety of eLearning, web, and mobile software applications. Jeff has over 10 years’ experience in the digital learning and media industry. He is the manager of learning production for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, producing online training for the church worldwide. Jeff is also a regular conference speaker on eLearning technologies such as xAPI, HTML5, Articulate Storyline, Camtasia, and more.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Jeff Batt--Founder Learning Dojo

SPEAKER_BIO:Jeff Batt is founder and trainer at Learning Dojo, a company dedicated to training you to become a software ninja in a variety of eLearning, web, and mobile software applications. Jeff has over 10 years’ experience in the digital learning and media industry. He is the manager of learning production for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, producing online training for the church worldwide. Jeff is also a regular conference speaker on eLearning technologies such as xAPI, HTML5, Articulate Storyline, Camtasia, and more.",Using AR in Performance Support - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB26 Using Data to Personalize the Learning Experience------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Antigua B------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------JD Dillon--Chief Learning Architect Axonify--JD Dillon is the chief learning architect at Axonify. With his practical approach, JD integrates science, technology, storytelling, and common sense to enable employees, improve performance, and drive business results. For 20 years, he has executed learning and performance strategies for global organizations, including the Walt Disney Company, Kaplan, Brambles, and AMC Theatres. At Axonify he partners with an award-winning team to solve business problems for leading organizations through modern learning practices and cutting-edge technology.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:JD Dillon--Chief Learning Architect Axonify

SPEAKER_BIO:JD Dillon is the chief learning architect at Axonify. With his practical approach, JD integrates science, technology, storytelling, and common sense to enable employees, improve performance, and drive business results. For 20 years, he has executed learning and performance strategies for global organizations, including the Walt Disney Company, Kaplan, Brambles, and AMC Theatres. At Axonify he partners with an award-winning team to solve business problems for leading organizations through modern learning practices and cutting-edge technology.",Using Data to Personalize the Learning Experience - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB27 Writing for Effective eLearning------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------Barbados AB------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Marie DesJardin--Senior Application Learning Consultant Verint Systems--Marie DesJardin is a senior application learning consultant at Verint Systems. She brings more than 20 years --of technical communications expertise to the art of designing and producing interactive, multimedia online --courses and microlearning training videos for desktop and mobile delivery. Her overhaul of her company’s --eLearning program boosted revenues, reduced customer support costs, and earned her a Circle of Excellence --and a Mission-Critical Delivery award. Marie is an active speaker and participant in the Denver eLearning --community, as well as a professional fiction and screenplay author.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Marie DesJardin--Senior Application Learning Consultant Verint Systems

SPEAKER_BIO:Marie DesJardin is a senior application learning consultant at Verint Systems. She brings more than 20 years --of technical communications expertise to the art of designing and producing interactive, multimedia online --courses and microlearning training videos for desktop and mobile delivery. Her overhaul of her company’s --eLearning program boosted revenues, reduced customer support costs, and earned her a Circle of Excellence --and a Mission-Critical Delivery award. Marie is an active speaker and participant in the Denver eLearning --community, as well as a professional fiction and screenplay author.",Writing for Effective eLearning - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB28 How to Write for Learning Solutions------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------St. Croix B------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.----------The eLearning Guild----The eLearning Guild is the oldest and most trusted source of information, networking, and community for eLearning Professionals. As a member-driven organization, the Guild produces conferences, online events, eBooks, research reports, and Learning Solutions Magazine—all devoted to the idea that the people who know the most about making eLearning successful are the people who produce eLearning every day in corporate, government, and academic settings. Our goal is to create a place where eLearning professionals can share their knowledge, expertise, and ideas to build a better industry—and better learning experiences—for everyone. ------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:The eLearning Guild--

SPEAKER_BIO:The eLearning Guild is the oldest and most trusted source of information, networking, and community for eLearning Professionals. As a member-driven organization, the Guild produces conferences, online events, eBooks, research reports, and Learning Solutions Magazine—all devoted to the idea that the people who know the most about making eLearning successful are the people who produce eLearning every day in corporate, government, and academic settings. Our goal is to create a place where eLearning professionals can share their knowledge, expertise, and ideas to build a better industry—and better learning experiences—for everyone. ",How to Write for Learning Solutions - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB29 Docent Morning Buzz 3: Taking it Home------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Montego A------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------------Karen Hyder--Principal Kaleidoscope Training and Consulting--Karen Hyder has been teaching trainer-training programs for --virtual classes and coaching online presenters since 1999. She --has produced hundreds of online sessions, including for The --eLearning Guild’s Online Forums, Thought Leaders Webinars, --and ""Best of"" Webinars. Karen uses the trainer competencies --of CompTIA’s Certified Technical Trainer (CTT+) to help --technical trainers and subject-matter experts prepare for --online sessions, master online presentation skills, and engage --learners throughout sessions. She frequently speaks at --industry events on using virtual classroom tools to support --learning. Karen co-authored The eLearning Guild’s --Handbook on Synchronous eLearning, and authored --Up and Running with WebEx Training Center for --lynda.com. ------------------Tracy Parish--Education Technology Specialist Southlake Regional Health Centre--Tracy Parish is an education technology specialist for a Regional Health --Centre. She has a diverse educational background of computer programming, --adult educational training, eLearning design and development leading to an --instructional design career. Tracy has over 12 years of experience including --face-to-face and online instructional design, development, and project --management, as well as LMS implementation and administration. Her work --involves collaboration with various hospital SMEs leading to the creation of an --extensive catalog of content for staff and patients. Tracy is an active Articulate --Community Hero, co-host of the Toronto Storyline User Group, and the social --media/marketing director for the Canadian Elearning Conference.----------------------Melissa Chambers--Online Instructional Specialist MSC Consulting--Melissa Chambers is an online instructional specialist at MSC Consulting and a contract speaker coach/host for The eLearning Guild’s Online Forums and Guild Academy. Melissa has over 19 years’ experience in creative media production, project and change management, online instructional design, and eLearning strategy development, and has been designing, producing, and coaching for synchronous online programs since 2002. She holds a master’s degree in instructional design for online learning, and has spearheaded award-winning programs in eLearning, process improvement, and strategic development. Melissa has a passion for lifelong learning, technology, cultivating creativity, and having fun while working.------------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Melissa Chambers--Online Instructional Specialist MSC Consulting

SPEAKER_BIO:Melissa Chambers is an online instructional specialist at MSC Consulting and a contract speaker coach/host for The eLearning Guild’s Online Forums and Guild Academy. Melissa has over 19 years’ experience in creative media production, project and change management, online instructional design, and eLearning strategy development, and has been designing, producing, and coaching for synchronous online programs since 2002. She holds a master’s degree in instructional design for online learning, and has spearheaded award-winning programs in eLearning, process improvement, and strategic development. Melissa has a passion for lifelong learning, technology, cultivating creativity, and having fun while working.",Docent Morning Buzz 3: Taking it Home - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB30 How to Write a Winning Conference Speaking Proposal------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Jamaica AB------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------------Mark Britz--Sr. Manager, Programming The eLearning Guild--Mark is the senior manager of onsite learning events at The eLearning --Guild. Prior to joining The eLearning Guild, he had worked over 15 years --designing and managing learning solutions with organizations such as --Smartforce, Pearson Digital Learning, the SUNY Research Foundation, --and Aspen Dental Management. His work and writing have been --highlighted in the books Revolutionize Learning and Development: --Performance and Innovation Strategy for the Information Age and The --Social Learning Handbook. Additionally he is a Service Partner for the --702010 Institute where he works to advance organizational learning --strategies. Mark regularly presents and writes on his blog, The Simple --Shift about the use of social media for learning, collaborative networks, --and organizational design.------------------David Kelly--Executive Vice President and Executive Director The eLearning Guild--David Kelly is the executive vice president and executive director of The --eLearning Guild. David has been a learning and performance consultant and --training director for more than 15 years. He is a leading voice exploring --how technology can be used to enhance training, education, learning, and --organizational performance. David is an active member of the learning --community and can frequently be found speaking at industry events. He has --contributed to organizations including ATD, eLearn Magazine, --LINGOs, and more. David is also known for his curation efforts, especially --related to conferences and events for learning and performance --professionals.----------------------Bianca Woods--Sr. Manager of Programming The eLearning Guild--Bianca Woods is a senior manager of programming for The eLearning Guild. --With degrees in both art education and education media design and --technology, she focuses on creating practical learning experiences that take --advantage of the clarity and immersiveness that technology and good --design can offer. Bianca has years of experience in education, including --designing in-class courses, eBooks, eLearning, videos, and other media for --BMO Financial Group; creating interprofessional collaboration content for --Training Pirates; and working as a classroom teacher.------------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Bianca Woods--Sr. Manager of Programming The eLearning Guild

SPEAKER_BIO:Bianca Woods is a senior manager of programming for The eLearning Guild. --With degrees in both art education and education media design and --technology, she focuses on creating practical learning experiences that take --advantage of the clarity and immersiveness that technology and good --design can offer. Bianca has years of experience in education, including --designing in-class courses, eBooks, eLearning, videos, and other media for --BMO Financial Group; creating interprofessional collaboration content for --Training Pirates; and working as a classroom teacher.",How to Write a Winning Conference Speaking Proposal - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB12 Microlearning Approaches------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24 ------------St. Thomas A------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Carla Torgerson--Director of Instructional Design Bull City Learning--Carla Torgerson is a director of instructional design at Bull City Learning, a performance and learning consultancy. Carla has more than 15 years’ experience as an instructional designer. She developed MILE, the MIcroLEarning Design Mode, and is the author of The Microlearning Guide to Microlearning. Carla has consulted with numerous Fortune 500 clients, including McDonald’s, Netflix, Facebook, Express, Fidelity, Medtronic, Merck, and Best Western. Carla has also taught certificate programs for ATD on eLearning, mobile learning, and microlearning over the past 10 years. ------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Wednesday, October 24

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Carla Torgerson--Director of Instructional Design Bull City Learning

SPEAKER_BIO:Carla Torgerson is a director of instructional design at Bull City Learning, a performance and learning consultancy. Carla has more than 15 years’ experience as an instructional designer. She developed MILE, the MIcroLEarning Design Mode, and is the author of The Microlearning Guide to Microlearning. Carla has consulted with numerous Fortune 500 clients, including McDonald’s, Netflix, Facebook, Express, Fidelity, Medtronic, Merck, and Best Western. Carla has also taught certificate programs for ATD on eLearning, mobile learning, and microlearning over the past 10 years. ",Microlearning Approaches - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB21 xAPI Basics—Getting Started------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25 ------------St. Thomas A------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------------Sean Putman--Partner Learning Ninjas--Sean Putman, a partner in Learning Ninjas, has been an instructor, instructional designer, and developer for over 15 years. He has spent his career designing and developing training programs, both instructor-led and online, for many different industries, but he has had a strong focus on creating material for software companies. Sean has spent the last few years focusing on the use and deployment of the Experience API (xAPI) and its effect on learning interventions. He has spoken at industry conferences on the subject and is co-author of Investigating Performance, a book on using the Experience API and analytics to improve performance.------------------Sarah Mercier--Managing Partner Learning Ninjas--Sarah Mercier, the managing partner at Learning Ninjas, has over 18 years of experience as a facilitator, instructional designer, and learning solution developer. Her primary focus is strategy, design, and development in the area of innovative learning technologies. Sarah is the founder of meLearning Solutions, a mobile learning consulting firm now operating as part of Learning Ninjas. She is a national facilitator for the Association for Talent Development (ATD) for the Master eLearning Instructional Designer and Mobile Learning Certificate programs and designed and facilitates both the Essentials of Mobile Learning and Essentials of Interactive eBooks programs. Sarah's work has been published in The Book of Road-Tested Activities, 68 Tips for eLearning Engagement and Interactivity, TD Magazine, CLO Magazine, and a variety of other training and workforce publications. ------------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Thursday, October 25

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Sarah Mercier--Managing Partner Learning Ninjas

SPEAKER_BIO:Sarah Mercier, the managing partner at Learning Ninjas, has over 18 years of experience as a facilitator, instructional designer, and learning solution developer. Her primary focus is strategy, design, and development in the area of innovative learning technologies. Sarah is the founder of meLearning Solutions, a mobile learning consulting firm now operating as part of Learning Ninjas. She is a national facilitator for the Association for Talent Development (ATD) for the Master eLearning Instructional Designer and Mobile Learning Certificate programs and designed and facilitates both the Essentials of Mobile Learning and Essentials of Interactive eBooks programs. Sarah's work has been published in The Book of Road-Tested Activities, 68 Tips for eLearning Engagement and Interactivity, TD Magazine, CLO Magazine, and a variety of other training and workforce publications. ",xAPI Basics—Getting Started - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB33 Creating Great Audio------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Friday, October 26 ------------St. Croix B------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Matthew Pierce--Learning & Video Ambassador TechSmith Corporation--Matthew Pierce, a learning and video ambassador for TechSmith Corporation, is an advocate of using video for learning, marking, and communicating. Throughout Matt’s career, he has managed training, instructional design, support, public relations, social media, and video teams at TechSmith. He has also been an instructional designer. Matt regularly contributes to several online publications in the US and UK. He has an MS in instructional technology from Indiana University.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Matthew Pierce--Learning & Video Ambassador TechSmith Corporation

SPEAKER_BIO:Matthew Pierce, a learning and video ambassador for TechSmith Corporation, is an advocate of using video for learning, marking, and communicating. Throughout Matt’s career, he has managed training, instructional design, support, public relations, social media, and video teams at TechSmith. He has also been an instructional designer. Matt regularly contributes to several online publications in the US and UK. He has an MS in instructional technology from Indiana University.",Creating Great Audio - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB34 Bite-Sized Video------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Antigua B------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Andrew Barry--CEO Curious Lion--Andrew Barry is the CEO of Curious Lion. He is a qualified CPA and previously worked at KPMG for 12 years. During that time, he rolled out national training for over 4,000 audit professionals a year and served as a technical advisor on the International Accounting Education Standards Board. He pivoted to video-based learning when he joined Lobster Ink, a leading learning platform in the hospitality industry. There he led the development of their learning methodology, combining the best of adult learning and filmmaking. Andrew founded Curious Lion, where he and his team now create custom video-based learning solutions for clients across industries.------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Andrew Barry--CEO Curious Lion

SPEAKER_BIO:Andrew Barry is the CEO of Curious Lion. He is a qualified CPA and previously worked at KPMG for 12 years. During that time, he rolled out national training for over 4,000 audit professionals a year and served as a technical advisor on the International Accounting Education Standards Board. He pivoted to video-based learning when he joined Lobster Ink, a leading learning platform in the hospitality industry. There he led the development of their learning methodology, combining the best of adult learning and filmmaking. Andrew founded Curious Lion, where he and his team now create custom video-based learning solutions for clients across industries.",Bite-Sized Video - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018

SESSION_DETAILS:MB35 Engaging eLearning Strategies------------7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Friday, October 26 ------------Montego C------------Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.------------Clark Quinn--Executive Director Quinnovation--Clark Quinn is the executive director of Quinnovation. Clark, a PhD, provides strategic learning technology solutions to Fortune 500, government, not-for-profit, and educational organizations. An internationally known consultant, speaker, and author of five books as well as numerous articles and chapters, he integrates a deep understanding of thinking and learning with broad experience in technology to improve organizational execution, innovation, and ultimately performance. ------<    
TIME:7:30 AM - 8:15 AM Friday, October 26

SESSION_DESC:Jump-start your day—and your networking—with Morning Buzz, the popular early-bird discussions held each morning of DevLearn. Grab your coffee, pull up a chair, and join a casual conversation around an important topic. Share your best practices, insights, and tips while learning from one another’s experiences.,

SPEAKER_NAME:Clark Quinn--Executive Director Quinnovation

SPEAKER_BIO:Clark Quinn is the executive director of Quinnovation. Clark, a PhD, provides strategic learning technology solutions to Fortune 500, government, not-for-profit, and educational organizations. An internationally known consultant, speaker, and author of five books as well as numerous articles and chapters, he integrates a deep understanding of thinking and learning with broad experience in technology to improve organizational execution, innovation, and ultimately performance. ",Engaging eLearning Strategies - DevLearn Conference & Expo 2018
